List(April is the Month of the Military Child! All month long we'll be recognizing the sacrifice and resilience of military-connected youth. Since 1991 Boys & Girls Clubs have proudly partnered with the U.S. Armed Services to assist military families face unique challenges. 

From alumni like NATO Commander, General Wesley K. Clark, to our current Military Youth of the Year finalist, RianeSimone, we celebrate all military-connected youth's commitment to our country!, The NCAA March Madness Final Four isn’t the only exciting thing to happen in Houston this week. Check out this Good Morning America feature on Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Houston! The Jim & Barbara Morefield Club received a major renovation thanks to the generosity of Lowe's Home Improvement and the NCAA! Our Houston kids and teens will surely benefit from these much needed improvements! #risetogreatness, A small amount of time can make a big difference. Teaching kids to serve in their communities has impact! #RiseToGreatness, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and University of Phoenix are searching for America’s Most Inspirational Mom. The search will award three extraordinary moms with full tuition scholarships to pursue an undergraduate or master’s degree at University of Phoenix. This scholarship program was created to promote a culture of family achievement and raise awareness about how University of Phoenix and Boys & Girls Clubs are creating great futures for parents and youth.
 
To learn more, apply or nominate an inspirational mom, please visit    www.bgca.org/moms. Deadline for entries is March 29, 2016., Checkout #2K6Teen Keystone Conference keynote and social activist - Yara Shahidi! You've seen her on the hit show black-ish, but she also has an inspiring message. #RiseToGreatness, Boys & Girls Clubs of Oakland were in for a surprise when NBA player Chris Paul visited to dedicate and check out their new digs of the newly renovated learning lab & facility! #RiseToGreatness, Thank you to our #BGCA Ambassador Kelly Rowland for performing at one of our NYC Clubs! We’re thrilled to have the support of Kelly Rowland and the makers of Claritin to refresh some of our outdoor spaces., Kelly Rowland always makes our day bright! Thanks to her and Claritin for helping our Club members enjoy time spent outdoors during this spring time., Aspire to inspire, you never know who's watching! #MotivationMonday #RiseToGreatness, The final day of the #2k6TEEN Keystone Conference was a-mazing! The teens reflected on how they can represent themselves to the world. To close out the conference Dr. Damon Williams, VP of Programs and National Youth of the Year Whitney Stewart encouraged teens to elevate their voice! The infamous dancers Les Twins hung out with us and gave an awesome performance. Congratulations to our talent show winner Da'vine C. and all of the Clubs who won during the Keystone Awards. A special THANK YOU to all of the Keystone Club Advisors that brought their teens to Dallas for this experience and all those staff members who had a role in bringing this ultimate experience to life for them. See you next year!, #2K6Teen Keystone Awards, #2K6Teen Award for Teen Outreach, #2K6Teen Awards Winner for Community Service, #2K6Teen Awards Winners for Academic Success!!, #2K6Teen Keystone Awards, Teens got the opportunity to experience the ultimate behind-the-scenes look at careers in fashion, news and retail with some of our local partners: Aaron's Inc., JCPenney and NBC 5 Community Affairs! 

Thanks for showing the teens how you #OwnIt in your fields. #2K6Teen, Hey guys! Who is your fave? Batman vs Superman? Let us know in the comments and vote!, Dr. Damon Williams and National Youth of Year speaks #2K6Teen, #2K6Teen Keynote -Tony Milano, Day 2 of #2K6Teen Conference Indigenous Performance, We're ready for DAY 2 of the #2K6Teen Keystone Conference! Last night's kickoff session was phenomenal. Did you see the live stream?

Stay tuned to today for more of all the fun!, Turn up!! #2K6Teen Conference, #2K6Teen Conference Spoken Word performance!!, #2K6Teen Conference, We are live for the #2K6Teen Keystone Conference!, The inspiration that BGC Alum Damaris Lewis andYara Shahidi bring to #2k6TEEN Keystone Conference has been a-mazing!! Stay tuned for our live stream happening in an hour right HERE., It's here! The Nat'l #YOYs are ready for the #2k6TEEN Keystone Conference! Don't forget to follow our live stream here starting at 6:30pm CST / 7:30pm EST. If you're in Dallas shout back👊🏾, On March 15-16 BGCA went to Capitol Hill to speak to some of our nation's represenatives about how we can work together on issues involving our youth., Millions of kids need Boys & Girls Clubs. This week we’re advocating for #GreatFutures by meeting with our Capitol Hill representatives as we
kick off Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Day of Advocacy in Washington D.C., where top executives from hundreds of Boys & Girls Clubs will engage members of Congress around the critical needs of kids and teens in America., Our teens face many challenges leading a life of health and wellness. To support the well-being of our young people, we are excited to share a new partnership with Planet Fitness and Stomp Out Bullying to launch the Judgement Free Generation. Together, we will encourage teens to combat judgement and bullying by creating a culture of kindness and encouragement within our communities! Learn more here: http://givingback.planetfitness.com, Teens raising their voices has collective impact! #MotivationMonday #RiseToGreatness, DYK it's Pi Day! Check out these fun facts. Shouts to Raytheon for the cookies pies going out to some Clubs across the country today!, Miracles happen everyday inside the Club. Queen Latifah is an alum living her #greatfutures! See her in the inspiring new movie Miracles From Heaven!, Is your #MCM over teen sensation @TrevorJackson during last year's Keystone Conference? You never know who'll be there this year. Catch our Facebook Live stream to see - 3 days to go! #2k6TEEN #RiseToGreatness, The WINNER of the Blue Door Contest is....Jams Clubhouse, Santa Monica Boys & Girls Club!!! #BGCweek

At JAMS Clubhouse, members have fun choosing activities and programs, much like choosing flavors of ice cream from an ice cream truck. Staff consistently create new “flavors” and “toppings” so our members are motivated to keep returning. As we implement programs like LIT, Torch Club, Smart Moves, etc., we begin to see the wonderful scoops they’ve received come to life: Kindness, Determination, Knowledge. We enable them to create their own great futures and it all starts here., Be our guests to see firsthand why #GreatFutures start, take the tour! Visit BGCA.org/BGCWeek #RiseToGreatness, This year is dubbed the "Year of the Teen" within Boys & Girls Clubs of America! In just one week teens from across the country will converge in Dallas for the 49th Annual Keystone Conference! While there they get to attend character and leaderships workshops; in addition to experiences that enable them to define their goals, learn skills to put those goals into action and how to make a positive impact in their communities! #2k6TEEN #RiseToGreatness, It's Day 3 of BGC Week and we're opening the door to good character & citizenship! In partnership with our friends at Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores, we are creating a Great Futures Quilt with help from our over 4,000 Clubs around the world. Here are just a few of the great patches Clubs have decorated., Watch Boys & Girls Club of Bristol Family Center teens recite the Youth Bill of Rights and support our youth's right to have a great future at BGC.ORG/bgcweek  

"Amendment VI: We have the right to dream and become anything we can imagine. We have the right to become the leaders of tomorrow. We have the right to have jobs where we can make enough money to live on.", #TeenTuesday is happening LIVE!! Get over to Twitter (bgca_clubs), Instagram (myclubmylife.bgca) and Snapchat (myclubmylife) now to catch behind the scenes of the ultimate Club experience at Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula!, This year, we are recognizing the significant contributions of our extraordinary Club art directors. In partnership with Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores we are happy to recognize Kari Martin from Boys & Girls Club of St. Helena for helping to foster great futures through art. #RiseToGreatness, It's Teen Tuesday!  Today our Twitter (bgca_clubs) and our NEW TEEN channels on Instagram (myclubmylife.bgca) and Snapchat (myclubmylife) will be taken over by teens from Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula! Follow along LIVE at 4pm PST (6pm Central/7pm Eastern) to catch our Teen Mashup for an epic lip sync battle with "clubs" from local area high schools to come and share in the BGCA experience. #RiseToGreatness, We're opening the door to National Boys & Girls Club Week! Have you signed yet? It's a Movement...Join us in celebrating kids by signing the Youth Bill of Rights at BGCA.org/bgcweek, null, Opportunity + Preparation = SUCCESS! #MotivationMonday #RiseToGreatness, Shouldn't kids have the right to have fun and just be a kid? We think so, do you? Sign the BGCA Youth Bill of Rights to let us know!, Teens will get the ultimate leadership development experience  at our upcoming #2k6TEEN Keystone Conference! Inside the Club this program focuses on academic success, career preparation and community service. Learn more http://www.keystonebgca.org #RiseToGreatness, March 8, it's going down for #TeenTuesday! A social takeover by teens from Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula during #BGCWeek for a Teen Mashup. Follow along on Twitter (@bgca_clubs) and our NEW TEEN focused channels on Instagram (@myclubmylife.bgca) and Snapchat (@myclubmylife) to see what goes on behind the Blue Door and who will win this ultimate lip sync battle!, Next week is Boys & Girls Club Week! We'll be celebrating in a big way. Stay tuned for special highlights each day and see why #GreatFutures start here! #RiseToGreatness, This year's Blue Door Contest winner has the opportunity to win a $5,000 Lowe's Home Improvement gift card for their Club! Be sure to get your vote in by March 9 at BGCA.org/BGCWeek, We're taking actionable steps to achieve our goal to reach more teens! Inside the Club, we are cultivating the next generation of leaders. To educate, expose and experience opportunities to raise their voice and lead in the community. Over the next few weeks, follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to get a peek of what goes on behind the Blue Door. #RiseToGreatness, Keep up the great work in eating your fruits and veggies all year long by logging what you're eating. Do you have an app for this on your smartphone? What's your favorite tool to use? #WELLonmyway, Take a look. Have a favorite? Voting is now open for the 2016 Blue Door Decorating Contest sponsored by Lowe's Home Improvement. Check out all the finalists at BGCA.org/BGCWeek., Getting in a little retail therapy at Ross Dress for Less will make you look good. Feel good too by supporting great futures at checkout. Stop by before February 27!, This Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County teen is making an impact for other New Jersey youth by raising his voice so that more kids are not silenced when seeking mental health support #WELLonmyway, Maintaining positive health and wellness choices can be tough. Connect with people you trust and ask for their support as you continue your journey of healthy living. #WELLonmyway, ICYMI, did you catch them on the CNN Quiz Show #RaceForTheWhiteHouse? We're so grateful to John Berman and Kate Bolduan support of #GreatFutures!, BGCA appreciates the support of the The ZAC Foundation for all of their efforts to ensure Club members are safe in and around water., Help us send BGC Alum Smokey Robinson a very special HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! #GreatFutures, Follow this simple rule next time you go to fill your plate then share it with #WELLonmyway! Thank you for the support Coca-Cola and Anthem Foundation., Thanks to our friends at Family Dollar, with the help of their customers and store associates, we were able to raise more than $389,000 with our holiday campaign!, Cheering on Kate Bolduan & John Berman on #Raceforthewhitehouse #CNNquizshow. Watch Monday at 9pm. Thanks for choosing us as charity of choice!, Not every day is going to be bright and sunny. On days when you are feeling down, sharing your feelings outloud can help. Your state of well-being isn't just physical - it's also mental! #WELLonmyway, We're celebrating Chinese New Year with our friends at P.F. Chang's! What's your wish? Let us know by using #PFChangsWish to support #GreatFutures., It's #NationalPizzaDay. Order a healthy pie and share with friends. #WELLonmyway, Telling someone how great you think they are boosts emotional health and can also lift your spirit! What's one word that comes to mind when you think of Boys & Girls Club kids and teens? #WELLonmyway, DYK among our Alumni and Friends Club are 15 Super Bowl Champs and 76 Pro Bowlers!! Who do you think is going to win the Super Bowl? To compete at the highest level, an athletes body must be in optimal physical condition. There's a champion in all of us if we work hard enough! #WELLonmyway, Ahead of the big game this weekend, let’s celebrate the SUPER kids and teens at Boys & Girls Club of the Coastside for their progress and commitment to health and wellness. A special shout out to Julio Serrano and Club staff for being honored by the Super Bowl 50  for their impact on Bay Area Club youth! #WELLonmyway #greatfutures #sb50, Join us for a Twitter chat to learn more about how you can be #WELLonmyway to building health and wellness into your lifestyle!, With Super Bowl Sunday around the corner, plan ahead for your game-watching snacks to have a healthy twist. What are some of your favorite healthy appetizers to bring to a get- together? #WELLonmyway, In partnership with Google and AmeriCorps VISTA program, BGCA is focused to increase access to computer science education for youth in need.  To date, more than 11,000 hours of coding has taken place, thanks to our partners’ support!, A sunset, a painting, your family pet, a movie, a sporting event - what are some of your favorite things to see with your own eyes? Make sure to get your eyes checked out to ensure positive vision health. Thanks to @AmericasBestContactsandEyeglasses for supporting Boys & Girls Clubs! #WELLonmyway, The support of Bridgestone Tires is helping us open more doors to youth as we help them drive their great futures!, It's going to take more than an apple a day to keep the doctor away! #WELLonmyway, We are happy to announce our partnership with WWE and Be a STAR Alliance to encourage young people to treat each other with respect through education and this anti-bullying initiative!, Mentors do make a difference! Sound advice like playing basketball at BGCA everyday to hone his skills, led Bill Russell to become an NBA living legend and BGCA Alumni Hall of Famer! #GreatFutures #MentoringMonth, Preventative care is a critical component to health and wellness. Being proactive in taking care of our bodies not only supports a healthy lifestyle, but can improve how we function in the classroom, at the workplace, or time spent with family and friends! #WELLonmyway, Parents, what are some of your healthy eating rules to keep things balanced? Consider this: make fruits and veggies a priority, portion control and everything in moderation!  #WELLonmyway, #TBT : Thanks Comcast Impact for your service to freshen up some of our Clubs as part of #ccday last year!, Quality #mentoring encourages positive choices, self-esteem, academic achievement, and introduces youth to new ideas. #STRYVE #NationalMentoringMonth, Yesterday marked the "Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Service."  Supporting others in your community is a proven way to boost your mood! #WELLonmyway, We are in the middle of basketball season! Who is your favorite team to watch? As a professional athlete, Boys & Girls Club Alum Shaquille O' Neal knows that leading a healthy lifestyle is critical to performing your best on the court! #WELLonmyway, Teens get involved! Your future depends on it, but you don't have to take our word for it:, The key to having an exercise routine: you have to start somewhere. Begin small and work your way to a fitness goal you otherwise thought impossible. Thanks to Nestlé, kids and teens from BGC of Bakersfield/Cleveland and around the country are taking on the challenge by participating in the National Fitness Competition! #WELLonmyway, Last night's State of the Union address was attended by two of our very own: Blake Lynch of Boys & Girls Club of Harrisburg and Guadalupe “Lupita” Romero of Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson. Blake and Lupita are both examples of the Great Futures that are nurtured for 4 million youth in 4,100 Clubs in big cities, small towns, military installations, and Native Lands across the country.

In this address the President spoke about the need for "more coding, lower college costs"; BGCA is already at the forefront of this important work. With the help of partners like Microsoft, Verizon and Comcast Impact, Club members have the opportunity to learn the latest #STEM technologies. Alums like astronaut Captain Winston Scott are just an example of how good education and a safe place during out of school time can propel youth to the moon and beyond after graduation.

The address was focused on the future and the Boys & Girl Clubs of America is committed to shaping America’s future through our continued investment in our nation’s greatest resource: our youth., We're honored to be featured on the front page of AOL.com today, as we've partnered to make a difference in the lives of kids across the country as part of Mentoring Month! #greatfutures #AOLGivesBack, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee impacted the lives of local youth, grades K-3, and set them on the path to #GreatFutures. Participants in their SPARK program demonstrated significant growth in reading achievement, literacy and regular school day attendance., Boys & Girls Club of America  would like to congratulate, Ken Griffey Jr. for being selected to baseball’s 2016 Hall of Fame class.  Jr. has served as a board member for BGCA for almost two decades, providing great leadership on the marketing and program training and youth development committees.
 
Congratulations for being a Hall of Famer on and off the playing field., #GreatFutures, At Boys & Girls Clubs, our staff act as mentors for our kids and teens. Building relationships with friends, family and trusted adults is a great way for kids and teens to build confidence! #WELLonmyway, Boys & Girls Club kids and teens learn that a balance of physical fitness, proper nutrition, preventative care and mental and emotional well-being lead to a life of positive health and wellness. Share these tips and tools, along with your own healthy messages with friends, family and followers – all proving that you are #WELLOnMyWay to A Healthier Me!, Boys & Girls Club kids and teens learn that a balance of physical fitness, proper nutrition, preventative care and mental and emotional well-being lead to a life of positive health and wellness. Share these tips and tools, along with your own healthy messages with friends, family and followers – all proving that you are #WELLOnMyWay to A Healthier Me!, Happy New Year! Together, we can start this year off with more than just a resolution. Over the next 8 weeks, let's focus on continuing positive behaviors and  making changes that support leading a healthy lifestyle. Share your progress with your friends and followers using #WELLonmyway. Check back daily here on Facebook, as well as Twitter and Instagram to learn more from our Boys & Girls Clubs to help support your journey!, ICYMI: #BGCalum Misty Copeland was named one of the Most Fascinating People of 2015. Her rise to the top of the ballet world started in the San Pedro Boys & Girls Club (Boys & Girls Clubs of the Los Angeles Harbor) where she took her first class. Since then, she has continued to make us proud. We can't wait to see where her GREAT FUTURE takes her next! http://bgc.am/MistyOnPointe, The Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Mississippi (BGCCM) has a new recording studio thanks to entertainer David Banner. The studio promotes music education and encourages the Clubs' kids to use their creativity to come up with their own sound to become the next generation's leading songwriter and/or producer. Check out the full story: http://bgc.am/1VnNzth, Alum Monday! Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: www.BGCalum.org  

#BGCalum Usher gives thanks to the Highland Park Club in Chattanooga for inspiring him to pursue his dreams (and give back to the community)., Throughout the football season, our partner Vizio has awarded several local Clubs  their 43" 4K Ultra HD TV,  thanks to the TDs for Tvs program.  VIZIO fans and Boys & Girls Club chapters have the opportunity to win VIZIO TVs for their local Club when certain NFL players score a touchdown. Learn more about the program and help us congratulate these Clubs! 

          
- BGC Miami Dade                                                                                                                                                                                                                    - BGC Southeast Louisiana Slidell Unit                                                                                                                                                                                      - BGC Bellvue                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       - BGC Dillehay Courts Club                                                                                                                                                                                                   - BGC Middle Tennessee, Andrew Jackson Club                                                                                                                                                                   - Dade Hank Kline Club                                                                                                                                                                                                        - Salvation Army BGC Charlotte                                                                                                                                                                                          - BGC Alachua County Northwest                                                                                                                                                                                    - BGC Southeast Louisiana Covington Unit                                                                                                                                                                          - Salvation Army BGC Monroe Club (Union County), This month we set out to bring some holiday cheer to some our most deserving families. Across the country we surprised them with the help of some of our dearest friends, BGC alums and staff. Tis the season for giving. Happy Holidays!, YOU. GUYS. DID. IT!! We're so grateful for everyone taking the time to show us your selflessies. To our partner Toyota USA, your generosity will open the door to many more children so they can discover their great future. Thank you all!, You can give back to Great Futures each time you take a survey with SurveyMonkey.com. Thanks to Survey Monkey Contribute, members can donate 50 cents to the charity of their choice for each survey completed!, Alum Monday! Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: BGCalum.org  

Did you catch #BGCalum Dwayne The Rock Johnson on Oprah's Master Class series? Check out all of his videos, including this one about a high school coach mentor who changed his life helping him to finally start thinking about "goals and what he wanted to accomplish.", Atlanta Hawks Shelvin Mack treated these kids from the Salvation Army Boys & Girls Clubs to a home game, making this day of #12DaysOfGiving  a night to remember!, While you're checking out the latest styles of UGG Australia boots for that special someone, don't forget the gift of a great future., Thanks to Samsung USA, Club youth at Boys & Girls Club of West San Gabriel Valley are exploring #STEM and engaging with the latest technology in their newly-renovated “Tween Tech Center.”, This time of year is all about making the holidays happen for our kids. If you had the choice to pick a gift for yourself or give it up, what would you do? Our friends at UPtv find out:, Have you done all your shopping yet? These adorable Bon-Ton bears make a great gift and gives back to our Clubs, now thru 12/24!, The 12 Days of Giving caught up with #BGCalum Ashanti Official to spread some holiday cheer and bring smiles to one deserving California family!, #BGCalum Ne-Yo sums it up well, why he joined the Alumni & Friends Club: "If not for the Boys & Girls Clubs, there would be no Ne-Yo. So when they need me, when they call, I come."  Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: BGCalum.org!, Because you guys have been so AMAZING posting your #selflessie pics to support us, Toyota USA is bumping up their donation up to now $750,000 with your posts. Help us keep it going, thank you!, Thank you Gap Inc. for making our holiday a little brighter! Visit Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic or Athleta online and select the “Give Back” shipping option now through Dec. 21 to trigger a $1 donation to Boys & Girls Clubs., This holiday season you can support kids riding into their great future at your local Specialized Bicycles Retailer by graciously donating towards a bike or helmet!, Thanks to our Champions in Congress for passing the Every Student Succeeds Act. This important legislation will strengthen 21st Century Community Learning Centers and Clubs’ ability to help the youth that need us most., Thank you JCPenney Cares for your donation of $100,000 & giving kids in 11 cities a holiday shopping spree on #givingtuesday!, On Day 7 of the 12 Days of Giving, Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Alabama alumni, Ruben Studdard, made a surprise visit to his home Club in Hueytown to spread holiday cheer to a deserving family., During the holiday season there is NO place home! Show your hometown pride now through Dec. 31 by visiting https://justakidfrom.powerade.com to create your own "Just a Kid From" apparel! Thanks to our friends at Powerade for supporting our mission to help kids across America find their great future., WNBA player and BGC alumna Skylar Diggins surprised a St. Joseph's Boys & Girls Club family with a new computer and printer for the holiday. Stay tuned to more of our 12 Days of Giving!, Tis the season...12 Days of Giving made it to Hollywood, CA. The Roncalli family was bought to tears when Chris Brown surprised them at the Boys & Girls Club of Hollywood with a brand new car, toys, and clothes. 🎄🎁, 🎶On the 3rd Day of Giving...Blake Leeper surprised the Flores family with holiday cheer at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater San Diego Payne Family Branch. 

The family was grateful for their brand new washer & dryer and gifts., Fifty Lenovo 'elves' made the trip from Raleigh, NC to Columbia to renovate the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Midlands that had been heavily damaged by the recent flooding. This included a new floor, painting the interior and exterior of the Club, computers, games room equipment, furniture for the teen lounge, and, the best part, a tablet for every member of the Club!, These #UNselfies are amazing! Show us how you're giving back this holiday season until December 7 and $1 will be donated for each one, thanks to our partner Old Navy!, Tune in! BGCA & JCPenney will be on Today Show with Joe Jonas!  #jcpcare, Today, the kids of the Ortiz/Acevedo family were very excited about the 12 Days of Giving holiday surprise brought to them by BGC alum Damaris Lewis, BGCA and Madison Square BGC. Ms. Ortiz said this event and the support of the Club means everything to them this holiday season!, We're spreading some holiday cheer as BGCA’s 12 Days of Giving kicked off with former NFL player and BGC Greater Dallas Alum, Jonathan Scott. 
 
On Tuesday, December 1, BGCA and BGC Greater Dallas alum Jonathan Scott brought holiday cheer to a deserving family from the Oakcliff Unit.  Scott, a former NFL player, talked with the family about perseverance during hard times and presented them with items to make the holiday season brighter.  The family indicated that this showering of love meant the world to them as does the Club who will forever hold a special place in their hearts., Visit a Buffalo Wild Wings location and purchase a bottle of sauce, and $1 for every bottle sold will go to Boys & Girls Clubs to support BWW's Team Up for Kids mission., Being selfless is what the holiday season is all about, thanks Toyota USA! #GivingTuesday, Thanks to Old Navy, you can support kids across America to reach their potential and graduate. Post an #UNselfie to show how you are giving back and $1 will be donated to BGCA. Just make sure to tag OldNavy & use #UNselfie! #GivingTuesday, Thanks to Joe Jonas and JCPenney for giving the gift of a great future! #GivingTuesday, You can be the difference in a child's life, help them succeed, serve in their community and find a path to their great future with your gift! How are you giving back this #GivingTuesday?, This #CyberMonday, you can look great with Nordstrom's Treasure & Bond wear. The company's give-back brand will donate the gift of a great future with your purchase!, Happy Thanksgiving from the BGCA family to yours!!, Our Crowdrise Tower is going up, on #GivingTuesday! Watch to learn more about this great day. Then, show your support with the gift of a great future: https://www.crowdrise.com/bgcagivingtower, It's Native American Heritage Month! Did you know, Ernie Stevens, Jr., a Boys & Girls Club alumni Hall of Fame member, is the Chairman and national spokesperson for the National Indian Gaming Association. Stevens works to educate Congress, media and the public about the impact of Indian gaming on tribal and nearby communities. Learn more about our Native Services unit at naclubs.org., Did you know that many Boys & Girls Clubs provide free memberships to military-connnected youth through the Mission: Youth Outreach partnership? Visit bgca.org/military for more information., Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: BGCalum.org  
#BGCalum Usher gives thanks to the Highland Park Club in Chattanooga for inspiring him to pursue his dreams (and give back to the community). Post your own "thank yous" to your Club below!, Just $1 can make a difference for a kid to be on the path to a great future. Join #BGCalum Dominique Wilkins and Family Dollar to show your support this holiday season!, Has the holiday season got you in a giving mood? You can give the gift of a great future by making your donation at your local Family Dollar when you check out at the register., Friends Friday! We're so thankful for Kelly Rowland and all of the BGCA Friends & Supporters who have already helped impact thousands of kids' lives forever by joining BGCalum.org, BGCA-affiliated Youth Centers help to ease the unique challenges our military families face. We are grateful to Lunchables for supporting Detroit Arsenal Child Youth and School Services, a BGCA-affiliated Boys & Girls Club Youth Center for military kids and teens. With this support, the Club will create teen-focused spaces including a demo kitchen, instructional room and newly renovated outdoor space!, #GivingTuesday is right around the corner! Your gift of a great future helps us reach more youth and our Crowdrise Giving Tower grow!, America's Best Contacts & Eyeglasses sees the value of a great future crystal clear! You can make your donation at over 400 locations across the country or with the purchase of a select eye care accessory kit, $2 from your purchase will be donated to BGCA., Boys & Girls Clubs in Indian Country serve nearly 86,000 Native youth around the United States. The National Museum of the American Indian (NMAI) has one of the most extensive collections of Native American arts and artifacts in the world—825,000 items representing more than 1,200 indigenous cultures throughout the Americas. Check out more at naclubs.org!, Great Futures do come true! Tackle your holiday shopping by donating $3 to BGCA to save $15 off your Bon-Ton purchase! In-store only., Alum Monday! Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: BGCalum.org  
#BGCalum Dominique Wilkins gives thanks to his Club mentor, 'Big Harold': "I owe everything to him - he taught me how to play the game I love." Post your own "thank yous" to YOUR childhood Club mentors below!, Giving the gift of a great future, is as simple as rounding up your purchase to the nearest dollar at any local Bridgestone Tires location including Firestone Tires, Tires Plus, Hibdon Tires Plus and Wheel Works!, Teamwork makes the dream work for great futures! Make sure you check out Game Changers today and help us say thank you for their continued support. #CBSCares, "Rock your moccs" in support of Native Heritage Month. DYK, the word 'moccasin' comes from the Cree or Algonquian word maskisina, meaning "shoe" or "footwear." Learn more interesting facts at naclubs.org!, Share your wish, make a difference. Thanks to UPS, when you share how someone is doing good for others, $1 will be donated to one of its charity partners, including BGCA!, Day 3 of the #YDCTeen Conference - The last day of the conference was full of energy as BGC Alum Yvonne Harvey-Williams motivated attendees to "create powerful reference points in the lives of the teens we serve." In the breakout sessions, coding was highlighted as tool a for innovation for teens as technology drives this generation. CEO, Jim Clark stopped by to remind everyone that for the last 155 years, BGCA has been a staple in the lives of so many kids and we have to continue that legacy. The team who helped put this entire event together joined on stage at the conclusion as we couldn't have done it without them! THANK YOU!, For #VeteransDay we salute all of our  #BGCalum servicemen and servicewomen for continuing to positively impact kids' lives at BGCalum.org. Retired Maj. Gen. Alfred Valenzuela shares how the San Antonio Club provided him with the tools to succeed - and how "giving back is the most treasured gift they gave me - and now it is my time to give back.", Day 2 of the #YDCTeen Conference - Things started with a bang as renowned educator, Ron Clark Academy, energized the crowd to use their passion to inspire kids to never stop learning. In the breakout sessions, attendees saw how using data can help to understand teens. Additionally, as a continuation of the Teen Great Think, participants learned some secrets of how to assist teens with accessing money for college. To round out the day, reflection sessions were held to exchange key learnings and ideas to end the day on a high!, Like our Military Youth of the Year, help us show our appreciation to military families for the commitment they make every day in support of our military and nation., Give the Gift of a Great Future when you give these cuddly bears a home. Every bear purchased generates a donation to BGCA - http://bit.ly/1jUkV69 Thanks Bon-Ton!, Day 1 of the #YDCTeen Conference - Guests were welcomed to Atlanta with greetings from Missy Dugan, CEO of Metro Atlanta Clubs and Dr. Damon Williams, chief educational & youth development officer for BGCA. Local home team mascots, Homer the Brave and Freddie Falcon, also stopped by to say hello while showing their  support as we work to engage more teens. Stay tuned to #YDCTeen for more of what's in store!, #BGCalum Queen Latifah is always giving thanks to her Newark Club experiences, give the Gift of a Great Future when you join the Alumni & Friends Club at bgcalum.org!, DYK there are 42 million youth between the age of 10 -19 and over half the jobs of the next decade will require higher education. However, one in five students don't graduate with their peers, on average. We're kicking off our Youth Development Conference, Teen Edition! For the next three days, join the conversation at #YDCTeen onTwitter and Instagram (@BGCA_Clubs) for insights and highlights as we want to change this!, Now through Nov. 8  you can share the magic of a Great Future! During the Friends & Family event, the Disney Store will donate 1% of net sales up to $100,000 to BGCA! Shop in-store or online at DisneyStore.com!, A #TBT thank you to #BGCalum Larry Young, CEO of Dr Pepper Snapple Group  who, along with his wife Colette, serve as National Co-Chairs of the Alumni & Friends Club. Show your thanks and support for tomorrow's youth by joining at BGCalum.org, Thanks to the Make Good Reads Happen Contest, winners Erin & Jaiden were honored during a reading celebration event at their Clubs, BGC of MetroWest and BGC of Manassas. Staples reps were on hand to congratulate both of them with their prize, an e-reader., BGCA supports 450,000 military-connected youth across the country and on U.S. Military bases worldwide. Join us in saying "Thank You" to America's military families for their countless contributions and sacrifices!, November is Native Heritage Month! We are celebrating rich and diverse cultures, traditions and histories to acknowledge the important contributions of Native people. Check our Native Services unit at https://www.naclubs.org, This holiday season you can give a gift that will make a lifetime of difference. You can help us provide great futures to more kids!, Every coat counts at Gap & Gap Factory stores! It's the LAST DAY to donate a coat or make a contribution to receive $10 off your purchase!, We're so thankful to partners like Game Changers who help us continue the legacy of impacting kids' lives to a great future! #CBSDreamTeam, Hope everyone has a safe and Happy Halloween!!, Friends Friday! #BGCalum supporter Judge Glenda Hatchett witnessed first-hand the positive effect Boys & Girls Clubs made in the lives of at-risk youth, and she asks us to, "Think about the difference the Boys & Girls Club made in your life,” – join Judge Hatchett & others and help impact the lives of the next generation at BGCalum.org, As the official charity of the @MLB, we so appreciate a partnership that supports Club kids great futures. #BGCalum Tom Brasuell shares his reflections. Sign up for the Alumni & Friends Club and change a child's life forever - bgcalum.org, The Youth of the Year experience is a big deal. Check out what two of our 2015 State Military Youths of the Year learned along the past year's #YOY journey and how it has changed them for the better., Pop quiz! Put your #STEM thinking cap on - can you solve this #math problem? We'll reveal the answer later today :), The Congressional Football game is tonight! Members of Congress and Capitol Police Officers will kick it off with a youth football clinic including Club kids from Greater Washington! We look forward to an evening of fun and sportsmanship with proceeds benefitting at-risk-youth who need it most. Please join us in cheering on this great cause in our Nation’s Capital!, Thanks Gap & Gap Factory Stores for helping us give youth #greatfutures. Visit one of these stores now through 11/1 and support by making a monetary donation or donating a coat to save 10% off your purchase!, As the Cleveland Cavaliers tip off their season vs. the Chicago Bulls tonight, a big thank you to LeBron James and the LeBron James Family Foundation for their amazing support in Akron, around the country, and for BGCalum.org, It's raining here in Kansas City but Whitney, the 2015 YOY had a chance to hang out earlier with 40 youth from BGC Kansas City along with MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred. She was ready in her gear for the ball delivery tonight. Did you see her?, Step 1) Have goals. Step 2) Work hard to achieve those goals. #lifelessons #MotivationMonday, Do you have a new or gently used coat? Now through 10/27, drop it off at a Gap and receive $10 off your purchase!, We're driving change with UPS Road Code, a free national program educating teens on safe driving techniques. Last night we were in Jacksonville where teens practiced driving without distractions and pledged to be safe drivers. Want to join us in pledging to keep the roads safe? Pledge here: www.bitly.com/UPSRoadCode, You do matter. You do have greatness within you. Your great future can start right here: www.bgca.org, Help our Club kids stay warm this Fall & Winter! Donate a new or gently-used coat at a Gap now through 10/27 and receive $10.00 off your purchase. No coat, no problem. Make a monetary donation at the register and you get the same great savings!, How can we put an end to the torment that affects youth being bullied today? Our Southwest Youth of the Year, Courtney, offers a three step answer:http://youthoftheyear.org/blog/2015/10/08/bullying-prevention/, Alum Monday! Join today for free, impact a kid’s life forever: BGCalum.org  
#BGCalum  Evander Holyfield Fan Page shares his story of his first days at the Warren Boys & Girls Club of Metro Atlanta - where he stepped into his first boxing ring at 8 on his path to becoming the first and only 4-time World Heavyweight Champion., "All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. " - Magic Johnson #MotivationMonday, A Sunday shout out to FOX Sports for their continued support of our Alumni & Friends Club. You can join FOX Sports #BGCalum and others TODAY for FREE with just your name and email at BGCalum.org, On Behalf of the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Western Reserve’s Eller Clubhouse, we’d like to thank Aaron's Inc. for remodeling our Teen Center.  With areas to study, relax and have fun, the Eller Clubhouse is now a space where Akron teens can #OwnIt, while also being inspired to pursue #GreatFutures., A big thanks to Macy's cardholders who helped make Thanks For Sharing a huge success. We’re excited to announce that Macy’s met its $15 million goal!, We're investing in #GreatFutures by providing a safe place, caring adult mentors, and enriching youth development programs, all in a fun environment. Join us!, CONGRATS to Jaiden and Erin, winners of the Staples Make Good Reads Happen Contest!! They will win an e-reader, a reading celebration party and more for their local Clubs. Learn more about them here: http://bit.ly/1N3iLuk, We're behind the scenes with #BGCalum Mario Lopez! Thanks to his and partners like Comcast Impact's support, Club kids can access the digital world and learn #STEM skills for their great future with programs like My.Future!, We're so proud of #BGCalum Misty Copeland! Catch her story of how she rose toward her great future as Principal dancer. You too can change a child's life, join the Alumni Friends Club. - http://bit.ly/1X00ToF, “Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.” - JFK #MotivationMonday #quote, More than 4,000 Clubs--in cities, towns, public housing, Native American lands, and U.S. military installations worldwide--serve nearly 4 million young people annually. Find a club near you!, It's the LAST DAY to vote for the #MakeGoodReadsHappen Contest! We're committed to helping Club members learn and develop their reading skills to go on to succeed, lead, and inspire like NYOY winner Whitney S.! Your support can help a child win an e-reader and a reading party by courtesy of Staples at their Club! VOTE NOW - http://bgcamakegoodreadshappen.hscampaigns.com, DYK that National 2015 #YOY award winner, Whitney S., started a sustainable agriculture club and interned in Congress. Watch her on Good Morning America!  #TBT, Supporting a child to find a path to their #greatfutures through the discovery and creativity is what the Staples #MakeGoodReadHappen Contest is all about! This is the last week to get your vote in for your fave finalist. Vote every hour to help a kind win an e-reader and a reading celebration for their Club through 10/9., For more than a century we've made it our mission to enable young people to achieve great futures as productive, caring, responsible citizens… and we're just getting started! Donate now by clicking the button at the top of this page to support #greatfutures!!  #YOY, National spokesperson Denzel Washington sits down with Extra TV to chat about the Importance of the Boys & Girls Clubs w/ #YOY winner Whitney S. Check it out!, A look back at how the nation’s most inspiring teens and their incredible journeys were honored and celebrated!, “Instead of helping some kids beat the odds, let us change the odds all together.” - Geoffrey Canada #MotivationMonday, With CBS Game Changers we can change a child's life, together! #CBSDreamTeam, Did you see #YOY Sparkle P.? Honored to support American Graduate as we help close graduation gap!!, Excited to see #YOY Sparkle P. on American Grad Day on @PBS tomorrow http://to.pbs.org/1LSMHux  #AmGrad, At Treasure & Bond from Nordstrom, you can look great and give back! 2.5% of sales go to BGCA. Check'm out!, National spokesperson Denzel Washington dropping nuggets of wisdom to our #YOY finalists., null, And so it begins...Our 2015 National Youth of the Year Whitney & BGC spokesperson Denzel Washington have been making the media rounds all morning  #YOY #LeadersLead #greatfutures #Whit4Pres, And the National #YOY is WHITNEY!!!!! Help us say congrats!!!!, It takes a village...we so appreciate supporters like #BGcalum Monique Mosley and her husband Timbaland, national spokesperson @denzelwashington, @KellyRowland and Speaker Boehner who inspire #GreatFutures!, The stage is set, the banners are hung. The celebration is about to begin. We are proud that Citizen Disney, Toyota USA, University of Phoenix, and Taco Bell are here to celebrate the voice of America's youth. Catch all the live updates on Snapchat and Periscope (@BGCA_Clubs). You never know who you might see! #YOY, Every Club kid has a story.  Each of our Youth of the Year finalists have made a difference in their communities, their Clubs and embody what it means to lead, succeed and inspire. Be sure to join us today as we announce which of our finalists will be the next National #YOY! You can follow all of the events starting with the walk down the Blue Carpet on Snapchat and Periscope @BGCA_Clubs starting at 5:30pm EST!, Let the countdown to national #YOY  begin! We are honored that supporting partners Citizen Disney, University of Phoenix, Toyota USA and Taco Bell are here to celebrate alongside all of the #YOY candidates. The anticpation is growing -- stay tuned! www.youthoftheyear.org, Follow us on Periscope and Snapchat starting at 5:30pm EST today to catch live updates of who will be the next #YOY!, Every year, we recognize one dedicated, passionate Club member with our highest honor – The National Youth of the Year. From 4,200 Clubs, 4 million members nationwide… Who will be the next National Youth of the Year?, Day 3 of the 'YOYs Take on DC' was full of fun from working on their close-up in a photoshoot, particpating in an amazing race around Capitol Hill, and going on a picnic to spend some time with BGCA Government Relations team, Toyota USA  and Citizen Disney reps getting to know each other better! What next? Stay tuned to #YOY, We couldn't be more appreciative of Citizen Disney's partnership in supporting America's youth. Their leadership example is helping to build future leaders! #YOY www.youthoftheyear.org, Kicking off Day 3! #LeadersLead at the White House AND in the Club #YOY #greatfutures, Days 1 and 2 in our nation's capitol were a blast! The YOYs took in a Nationals game, visited the Newseum to catch up on current events and our nation's most impactful moments, and developed their skills as Brand Ambassadors. The night rounded out with dinner at Old Ebbit Grill with our partner Citizen Disney! Stay tuned for more of what they'll do next!, Standing with teens to igniting their potential starting with high school graduation. Taco Bell is excited to celebrate the National #YOY., The YOYs have arrived! We're kicking off Day Two in DC with a tour of the Newseum! The YOYs are ready to catch up on current events and get a taste of some of our nation's most impactful moments in history. Thank you Citizen Disney!  #YOY #LeadersLead #greatfuturesstarthere, Follow us on Periscope and Snapchat for live and behind-the-scenes #YOY updates. Who will be the next National Youth of the Year? Stay tuned!, The journey to #YOY starts with a story. For Whitney it was discovering how special she was. Now she leads, succeeds and inspires!!, On September 29th stay tuned to see who will be the next National Youth of the Year!  #YOY Spotlight: meet our Military finalist! Growing up, RianSimone lived on four continents as her family moved as part of her father Air Force career. Frequently having to start over and make new friends caused her anxiety, but the Youth Center was always there to ease the transitions. RianSimone learned her love of art and music at her Youth Center and she is currently president of her Keystone Club. She has also excelled in school, where she is president of the National Honor Society and vice president of the student body. RianSimone has been accepted to Point Loma Nazarene University in San Diego, California, where she plans to study criminal justice and sociology. Check out http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, #TGIT! If Olivia Pope is a member for life, why aren't you? How scandalous!  Sign up for the Alumni & Friends Club at bgcalum.org, change a child's future forever., Macy's Thanks for Sharing is back in a big way. Join, get rewarded and help charities like us. Check it out!, 4 million Club kids. 6 regional winners. 4 amazing partners Citizen Disney, Toyota USA, University of Phoenix ,Taco Bell but only ONE National Youth of the Year. Who will be chosen as the VOICE of Club Youth? National #YOY is coming 9.29.15 - stay tuned!  www.youthoftheyear.org, We're closing the achievement gap by turning the page to #MakeGoodReadsHappen! Keep the votes coming to support contest finalists. The finalist with the most will win great prizes that include an e-reader and a reading celebration party hosted by Staples. Learn more at http://bgca.org/makegoodreadshappen!, Championing the success + goals of students, University of Phoenix stands with us in honoring youth leaders. Follow their inspiring #YOY journey! www.youthoftheyear.org/blog, We are on the road to announcing the National Youth of the Year  on September 29th! Meet our Southeast finalist! The oldest of three raised by a single mother, Whitney grew up fast. She cites the Club and its positive environment as a turning point in her life. Whitney became involved in many activities, including serving as president of the Keystone Club, BGCA’s teen leadership group, and on the BGCA National Teen Advisory Board. She earned exceptional grades in school, where she also excelled in Junior R.O.T.C., attaining the rank of Regimental Commander, the school’s top leadership position. Whitney plans to become an attorney in the U.S. Air Force, followed by a career in politics and academia. Check out http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, Today is Day for Kids!  Boys & Girls Clubs across the country are celebrating the Day with fun activities that remind us how fun it is to be a kid. Find an event near you, get out there and play!, We are launching the #YOY blog!! The current Youth of the Year are gearing up to pass the torch to the soon to be announced 2016 National #YOY on September 29th! Check out what these "sisters with values" reflect on from their journey this year., BGCA Keystone Memphis & Aaron's Makeover

Aaron's, Inc. employees work to remodel the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Memphis Keystone Club Teen Center on Wednesday, September, 16, 2015 in Memphis, Tennessee ahead of a surprise unveiling the following day. Aaron's partners with Boys & Girls Clubs of America to support the Keystone Club, the premier national teen leadership and character program. (Brandon Dill/AP Images for Aaron's, Inc.), Join Macy's Thanks for Sharing to help charities like us. What would make it even better? If you joined too!, #YOY Spotlight: meet our Southwest finalist! For his 8th birthday, Courtney asked for a Boys & Girls Club membership. He kept attending for 11 years. Even as events in 2011 threw him into a depression, Courtney continued to attend the Club and help others. Courtney credits Power Hour, the homework-help program, for fostering study skills that made him valedictorian of his high school class. He served as student council president, led a social media campaign to build a new school, and raised awareness about substance abuse, domestic violence, and physical fitness. Courtney is now a freshman at University of Central Oklahoma, where he studies graphic design. Check out http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, #BGCalum across the world know that #GreatFutures started within their Club's walls. Have you signed up yet? - bgcalum.org, With the help of Toyota USA, we're helping teens go places (literally!). See their incredible journey to D.C. for National #YOY yourself! www.youthoftheyear.org, Today we're kicking off the #MakeGoodReadsHappen Contest with Staples to help every child make reading gains as they prepare to go back to school! VOTE NOW for the video that brings their fave literary characters to life now through 10/9. One Club member in each category will win an e-reader, a reading celebration party and more!, We just hit 150,000 likes! Thanks to the best fans on Facebook for making our community such a special one., We will never forget..., "Boys & Girls Club pretty much changed my whole life." Evander Holyfield shares his #BGCAlum story of what it means to be a Club kid. Check out his story in today’s The Huffington Post and join the movement in building great futures for the next generation by signing up for the Alumni & Friends Club at bgcalum.org!, Have you signed up yet? Joining the Alumni & Friends Club has some big benefits, including a child receiving a FREE membership through your support. Check it out! bgcalum.org, Were you a Club Kid? Or have you been a lifelong supporter? TODAY we're launching our Alumni & Friends Club at bgcalum.org   - so become a Member for Life and support great futures! For every new member who joins this month, a BGC membership will be donated to a kid in need. #BGCalum, #YOY Spotlight: meet our Midwest finalist! Alora literally found her voice at the Club. She joined the Club as a shy 12-year-old and had to face her fears when she was cast in a Club production of the musical “Dreamgirls”. The success she discovered onstage gave her confidence to make positive changes in her life. In one semester, she increased her GPA from 2.9 to 3.9. The heart and soul of the Club’s drama group, she has acted, danced, sang and directed productions. Alora plans to attend college so that she can become a music educator. Check out http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, #YOY Spotlight: meet our Pacific finalist! Emily was shuffled to 11 schools in as many years, and with a home life both unstable and uncertain, she responded with determination and positivity. She credits Club staff with helping her to keep pace with her peers, which enabled her to become the first in her family to graduate from high school. Emily served as president of Keystone Club, our teen leadership group, and mentored younger Club members. She plans to study human services in college and pursue a career in youth development. #LeadersLead Learn more: http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, Kids are officially back-to-school!  Thanks to Educational Alliance, take a peek at this video to see how Gap helped them get ready for a great school year!, Caption this!, DYK, our #YOY finalists are awarded anywhere from $5,000 to $100,000 in scholarships! #LeadersLead Learn more - http://www.youthoftheyear.org/scholarships, "The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot." - Michael Altshuler #MotivationMonday, All hands on deck! School is starting and your local club is ready to lend a hand for your #GreatFutures. Take the tour of your local Club http://bit.ly/1llV9FB #backtoschool, The journey is well underway thanks to Disney, University of Phoenix, Toyota USA, and Taco Bell Foundation. Who will be named National #YOY and a representative of more than 4 million youth? Meet the finalists, get to know the history and get ready for the future winner, announced Sept 29. #LeadersLead, This just in: We’re expanding our partnership with Aaron's Inc. for another three years! We celebrated with a special event at one of our Keystone Clubs in Atlanta… including a full Club makeover!  http://bit.ly/1Id78v6, It's not just about teaching facts and figures, #education is also about building character. #GivingTuesday, #YOY Spotlight: Meet our Northeast Youth of the Year! Brooke had to take on adult responsibilities while she was growing up, but she refused to let her situation define her. Instead, she got intensely involved at the Club, serving as the president of Torch Club and the president of the teen leadership group, Keystone Club. Brooke helped her family handle tough issues with poise, grace and determination. As a result, her family members are thriving and she plans to attend Southern Connecticut State University to major in business., Special announcement with Aaron's Inc. on Monday! Stay tuned., Thanks to Comcast Impact, more than 500,000 families now has access to the power of the Internet at home through their Internet Essentials Program, just in time for back-to-school., Once a Club kid, always a Club kid. Get back in touch with the Club today by joining the Alumni & Friends Club! Be a member for life like #BGCalum, Lucille O'Neal (yes Shaq's mom). Learn more: BGCalum.org, Help us wish our National Military Youth of the Year, RianSimone H., CONGRATS!!, We’re thrilled to officially announce the sites of our first six Centers of Innovation in partnership with Raytheon. These centers will be built on or around military installations in the U.S. and abroad as part of Raytheon’s $5 million pledge to support military veterans and their families. - http://bit.ly/1fmPyho, "If named the National Youth of the Year winner, that amazing individual will:  

A) Meet the President of the United States
B) Win a $25,000 scholarship renewable for four years
C) Hang out with celebrities
D) All of the above

Check out www.youthoftheyear.com to find out!", #GreatFutures start here! 

#FBF of #BGCalum and 5-time Heavyweight Champ Evander Holyfield Fan Page winning first boxing trophy at the Warren BGC! By joining the BGC ALUMNI & FRIENDS CLUB, you can impact a kid's life forever. - http://bit.ly/1LaC1Fi, "Investing in our kids is something that lives on. The rewards can't be measured! " - Judge Hatchett, #BGCAlum and NFL Hall of Famer Chris Doleman urging you all to join the BGCA Alumni and Friends Club today., Schools, families, and community supporters--we're all in this together. And every day we celebrate kids’ achievements and enable our future leaders to fulfill their potential., Help us celebrate the regional Military Youth of the Year finalists! :

Andrew B. – SE Military YOY, Robins Air Force Base Youth Programs
Kathryn C. – SW Military YOY, White Sands Missile Range CYS Services
Paige H – MW Military YOY, Grand Forks AFB Youth Program
Karlinette G. – NE Military YOY, Boys & Girls Club of Borinquen
Daniela S. – PAC Military YOY, JBG Lewis-McChord CYS Services  
Rian H. - Overseas Military YOY, Vogelweh Youth Programs

The Military Youth of the Year honor is a distinct component of the National Youth of the Year program. It recognizes a Club member served on a U.S. military installation who has overcome enormous odds and demonstrated exceptional character and accomplishments. To earn this honor, Club youth advance through local, state and regional competitions. After the Military Youth of the Year is named at the culminating ceremony in Washington, D.C., in September, he or she advances to join the five regional Youth of the Year finalists from non-military Clubs to compete for the National Youth of the Year title., Have you heard the term #YOY and ever wondered what in the world is that? If so, find out how these youth lead, succeed and inspire as the voice of over 4 million youth by taking a look at the all-new Youth of the Year site!! http://www.youthoftheyear.org/, We've been helping kids achieve #GreatFutures for more than a century and it all starts after 3:00 p.m. This #backtoschool season, join us in helping: www.greatfutures.org, Don't forget to check these MLB teams to see if they hit a homer in the  Maytag washer!!, Together with Comcast Impact, we are helping build a stronger #STEM pipeline! Check it out for free (and fun) resources!, Get back into the swing of your back-to-school routine! Set goals, stick to them and check out what’s happening at your local Club after 3 p.m. for a great future!, CONGRATS to Brooke G. our new NE YOY!!, We are one celebrations away from naming our 2015-2016 National Youth of the Year! But before we head to DC in September for the culminating event, tonight we celebrate our Northeast Youth of the Year State candidates who have traveled from all over the region to gather in New York. A journey that starts at the Club and spans across the entire year up to the national level, tonight one finalist will be named the 2015-2016 Northeast #YOY. Congratulations to our NE state finalists pursuing their path to #GreatFutures!, Science, Tech, Engineering & Math (#STEM) industries need big brains for big jobs. Embrace #STEM one project at at time - http://bit.ly/1g9K22g, By working together we can all be #Unlimited. Watch our music video now and download the song to helps real BGCA kids across America reach their Unlimited potential. Old Navy is matching donations up to $500,000!, So Close!!!

via Maytag - The Maytag Million Dollar Homer came so close during this weekend’s Sox game. A direct hit could mean $1 million for local Boys & Girls Clubs. Keep watching and cheering., Every day, our Clubs help young people reach their full potential with tools to build the #greatfutures they imagine. Disney Toyota USA University of Phoenix Taco Bell make sure we don’t do it alone! #YOY #LeadersLead, #BacktoSchool season is here! How are you preparing your child to start the new year off strong? Try going on a learning journey with your child – chess, dance, new foods, learn about the trees in your backyard – in which you BOTH get a boost to your brain. #B2S #SummerLearning, Our #Unlimited song is now officially up on Dubsmash. Show your support for  BGCA by creating a dub and sharing it with us!, VIDEO: Denzel Washington encourages kids to succeed with inspiring words during at stop at BGC of Baton Rouge., It's the last week of our Triple Play Mobile Tour. We've had a blast inspring kids all across the country! Don't let the fun stop here - learn how you can keep moving at #TriplePlay10, National BGC spokesperson Denzel Washington takes break from filming to inspire great futures on a stop by BGC of Baton Rouge!!, This back-to-school season, we are driving Great Futures at Firestone Complete Auto Care, Tires Plus store, Hibdon Tires and Wheel Works stores. You can stop by today to purchase a $5 coupon book with over $200 in savings! Check out our Club kids having fun at an Atlanta Firestone Complete Auto Care store to kick off our partnership!, "If you're scientifically literate the world looks very different to you, and that understanding empowers you." - Neil deGrasse Tyson, If you had no limits what would you accomplish? Great futures are possible with partners like Old Navy. Stop by any store to purchase the shirt or download the inspiring #Unlimited song TODAY. https://youtu.be/L30kkU77j1c, Summer Meal programs provide healthy meals and snacks at no cost to children when they are out of school. Share your stories today and be sure to engage your representative about the amazing opportunities being provided to young people this summer as they come together to learn and eat healthy meals. http://www.afterschoolalliance.org/imgs/snackPhotos/Blog-A-thon_Announce.png  #SummerMeals #CNR2015, ICYMI: #STEM is everywhere! Thanks to Comcast Impact, driver Ryan Reed stopped by to visit the BGC of Greater Concord to talk about all things NASCAR. After a few rounds of dodgeball at the Club, he surprised the kids with special passes to the Lakes Region 200 XFINITY Series event as his special guests!, "Science is simply the word we use to describe the method of organizing our curiosity.” – Tim Minchin...It's time to get your #STEM on http://myfuture.net/, It's here! Watch the full #Unlimited video and support great futures at local Old Navy stores!, When you have #Unlimited potential, great futures start. Check out how Old Navy supports Club kids on their way back-to-school. Inspiring story!, Did you know nearly 3 out of 10 kids today are either obese or overweight? It's critical for you to participate in physical activity for at least 60 minutes per day. We're traveling across the country this summer with Triple Play Mobile Tour to get kids moving! Check out where we're going next!, Did you guess the right answer? It's 40!, How speedy are you at solving this? Together with Comcast Impact My Future #STEM program we are encouraging more math, more often, to more kids. Tell us in the comments below and we will post the answer later today!, You'll need math to count money. You'll be able to make a lot of it with a career in #STEM according to Forbes. http://www.forbes.com/pictures/efkk45ekgkh/the-10-best-paying-stem-jobs-for-recent-grads/, Congrats to Eric C. on receiving a $5K college scholarship and being named as a Money Matters Ambassador. Over the next year he will serve promoting financial literacy among teens thanks to our partner Charles Schwab!, Check this out! We so appreciate Old Navy supporting great futures!, So excited to be partnered with Old Navy to help kids unlock their #Unlimited potential. Show your support of great futures when purchasing an #Unlimited T-shirt at local stores starting TODAY!, We are just a few celebrations away from naming our 2015-2016 National Youth of the Year! But before we can do that (the anticipation is killing us!), tonight we celebrate our Midwest Youth of the Year State candidates who have traveled from all over the region to gather in Chicago. A journey that starts at the Club and spans across the entire year up to the national level, tonight one finalist will be named the 2015-2016 Midwest #YOY before heading to DC in sept. for the national event. Congratulations to our MW state finalists pursuing their path to #GreatFutures!, The Triple Play Mobile Tour has reached St. Louis, Missouri! With our partners Coca-Cola and the Anthem Foundation, the tour is taking over the country this summer with fun activities engaging the mind, body and soul. Visit TriplePlayTour.com to see where we'll be next!, Filmmakers have the skill to visually tell a story, from start to end, and now you can too! This Comcast XFINITY MyFuture.net module helps Club members storyboard, film, edit and showcase simple movies. (Popcorn not supplied!) #MyFuture #STEM #ConquertheDigitalDivide http://bit.ly/1RQQooA, Thanks XFINITY Series driver, Ryan Reed, for stopping by The Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Concord to talk about STEM!, "The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. #MotivationMonday, Thanks to Jordan Spieth for supporting the #GreatFutures of these Club kids!, null, TODAY is the last day to support great futures at local Gap Stores! Stop by to drop off a backpack or make a donation to receive $10 off your next purchase., DYK 427 parents set the Guiness World Record for most parents reading to their kids simultaneously in 2014! #SummerReading #BrainGain, Former Youth of the Year Mona Dixon has been chosen by President Obama to the board of directors for the Corporation for National and Community Service!, "It is our job to keep up to date with technology and make sure it reaches the communities that need it the most." - Jim Clark, President & CEO of BGCA, Help us say CONGRATS to Emily C., our 2015-2016 Pacific Youth of the Year!, Today marks the halfway point for our regional Youth of the Year celebrations! A journey that starts at the Club and spans across the entire year up to the national level, tonight 9 teens are gathering in Los Angeles for the annual PAC Celebration & Gala where one finalist will be named the regional 2015-2016 Pacific #YOY before heading to DC in Sept. for the national event. Congratulations to our PAC state finalists pursuing their path to #GreatFutures!, Back to school season is almost here! Stop by any Gap Stores to donate or drop off a  backpack in support of Club kids great futures! You could get $10 off your next purchase, now through this FRIDAY 7/17., Together with Comcast XFINITY, we're harnessing the power of technology and the internet to expand digital literacy!, Local Boys & Girls Clubs members have had an exciting four days during Major League Baseball’s All-Star Week in Cincinnati, Ohio.  Activities thus far included the hard hat (media) tour, Fanfest opening ceremony, the Mascot Home Run Derby, the first-ever MLB Wiffle Ball tournament, MLBs Largest Game of Catch (for a Guinness World Record), flag bearers, field crews, Team Smile dental screening event and the singing of the National Anthem prior to MLB’s 5K Color Run.  Club members are representing their Clubs and BGCA well!  Stay tuned for the unveiling of the new Sheakley Boys & Girls Club and our very own National Youth of the Year, Maryah Sullivan, who will deliver the game ball to the mound for the All-Star game on Tuesday., What if we told you that you could learn about robots today? Well, you can! Check out MyFuture.net. Thanks XFINITY! #Winning, Our #SummerBrainGain READ! Program is making this summer a real page-turner! Check out these 6 #TEDTALKS that every book lover can relate too! http://blog.ted.com/6-talks-to-watch-for-book-lovers-day/, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Cincinnati members helped open MLB's Fanfest today with Hall of Fame legend Barry Larkin, MLB's COO/BGCA Governor Tony Pettiti, Cincinnati Reds owner Bob Castellini and leadership from the Reds and T-Mobile. Clubs kids also got to answer questions from the media about what it means to be coached by the baseball legend., It's almost back-to-school season and Gap Stores has our back(packs) and you can, too! Visit any Gap Store through 7/17 to donate in support of great futures or drop off a backpack to save $10.00 off your Gap purchase!, Keep growing! Thanks to Disney, our #SummerBrainGain Program is helping youth engage in learning through discovery, imaginative expression, and group work., Club members participated in MLBs hard hat media tour for Fanfest. A few members had the opportunity to be coached by baseball Hall of Fame legend Barry Larkin., Equipping kids with the technology skills to be a part of the digital revolution is how we're transforming the way we use #technology in our Clubs with the help of Comcast XFINITY!, The Triple Play Mobile Tour is BACK! We are celebrating the 10th anniversary of Triple Play all summer long at Clubs around the country. First stop with our partners from @CocaCola and the Anthem Foundation: Bellevue, WA! Follow our journey at TriplePlayTour.com #TriplePlay10, "The more that you read, the more things you'll know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." - Dr. Suess #MotivationMonday, The quest to #GreatFutures could not be possible without those who continue to serve. Happy Independence Day!, For Misty Copeland, the road to Principal Dancer at the American Ballet Theater started at her local Club. Learn more about how the club inspired her passion for the arts and ballet., Big news today for BGCA Alumni Misty Copeland, named First Black Principal Ballerina at American Ballet Theater. We continue to be so proud and awestruck of her amazing accomplishments!, Supported by Disney and Staples, Summer Brain Gain helps youth engage in a process of learning through discovery, creative expression, and group work., It's never too early for a #FBF! What better way to kick off the inaugural Advanced Leaders Institute than with Mickey Mouse ears (Thanks, Disney)? Looking forward to a day of fun, learning, inspiration and networking  as our #Classof2015 Youth of the Year embark on the first full day here in Atlanta. Stick around to learn more about the #YOY program and why we gathered nearly 100 of our teens from across the country for the ultimate leadership experience! #LeadersLead, #DidYouKnow Youth of the Year is the highest honor a Boys & Girls Club member can achieve? Celebrating the extraordinary achievements of Club teens who embody the values of leadership and service; academic success; and commitment to healthy lifestyles, the Youth of the Year program is taking big strides this weekend -- Today, nearly 100 of our Youth of the Year candidates from across the country are gathered in Atlanta for the first ever Advanced Leaders Institute! These amazing teens will embark on their #YOY journey by connecting, networking & participating in three days of leadership workshops, activities and mentoring. We can’t wait to see everyone tonight. Make sure you follow along with #LeadersLead for behind the scenes snaps, highlights and more!, #TBT to when Ariana Lourie won the Staples Make Good Reads Happen contest last year. Who will be the big winner this year? Time to get reading!, We understand that talking to your kids about their behavior online can be tricky, here are some tips for our Cyber Safe Ambassador Stephen! http://bit.ly/1LramkI, Were you able to solve the equation? The ANSWER is 160!, Pop quiz! Stay sharp over summer - can you solve this math problem? We'll reveal the answer later today., No summer brain drain for these kids -- only #GreatFutures!, Bullying doesn't just happen at school; 34% of children experience cyber bullying in their lifetime. Let's change this! Talk to your kids about the importance of speaking up about what they see and receive online., The American Library Association 2015 Summer Reading List is full of titles to keep kids engaged in reading! With support from Staples, the Summer Brain Gain: Read! program is here to help improve our youth's reading skills. What are you reading this summer?, Happy Father's Day!!, It’s Summer Learning Day! At BGCA we’re committed to helping kids fight summer learning loss so they can stay sharp all day, every day. By sharpening kids critical thinking skills outside the classroom during summer vacation, we can close the achievement gap through the Summer Brain Gain and Summer Brain Gain Read! Programs. Thanks Staples, Disney, and Old Navy for partnering with us to ensure that both of these programs supports kids finding their potential for their #GreatFutures. Check out the Summer Learning Day Map to find activities in your area to celebrate - http://summerlearningdaymap.org/, And the South East Youth of the Year WINNER IS...Whitney Stewart from Boys & Girls Clubs of Sarasota County, our 2015-2016 SE #YOY! Congrats!, Tonight, 9 teens from across the southeast region are gathering in Atlanta for the annual SE Celebration & Gala where one finalist will be named the 2015-2016 Southeast #YOY. A journey that starts at the Club level and spans throughout the entire year, we are so proud of every Club member pursuing their path to #GreatFutures! Congratulations to all of our SE state finalists!, Our teen Cyber Ambassador Shlea is answering your questions for Internet Safety Month. Check our what she has to say when your child encounters inappropriate posts on the internet. Keep your questions coming! http://bit.ly/1Imou9E, Have you eaten veggies today, here are some helpful tips to help kids incorporate more into their diet! #WellnessWednesday, Thanks to the support of Staples, our #SummerBrainGain READ! Program helps kids clock some major reading time this summer., PARENTS have your teens done at least one of the these online...Not sure? Our expert teens can tell you how to keep them cyber safe! http://bit.ly/1GHQJmB, Tika Sumpter, lead of Tyler Perry's TV drama "The Haves and Have Nots," paid a visit to the girls of BGC East Los Angeles. She spent time talking about finding your talent , living out your dreams and her career in acting. Read more about her visit:, The #GreatFutures Campaign is THE campaign for America's kids. We're inspiring and empowering more youth toward success., As National Youth of the Year, Maryah Sullivan encourages all kids to lead, succeed and inspire. Her leadership, service to her community, academic excellence and dedication to a healthy lifestyle has her all set to take on her great future behind the wheel of her new Corolla. Thanks to our partner Toyota USA for the continued dedication to this program as we mark the 5th year that the company has awarded a new Corolla to the National Youth of the Year. http://bit.ly/1L3cLjo, School may be out for the #summer, but for our Club members, lessons are still in session. #SummerBrainGain #EdTech #EdChat #KeepItSharp #read #mathskills #nolearningloss, ATTENTION ALL PARENTS! Your kids are digital natives, but you may feel a little behind. Our panel of expert teens is ready to answer any #CyberSafe questions you may have at CyberSafeFutures.org.  When you submit a question, you'll be entered for a chance to win an iPad mini. If you win, $500 will also got to the Boys & Girls Club of your choice!, For the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston - Jordan Unit, #1hourequals learning the skills to host a community creek clean-up effort. Boston-area teens participated in and invited other local youth to join in their mission of giving back to the Boston community by cleaning up Chelsea Creek., Summer is a time for fun. It's also a time to foster creative thinking skills in children and insure they don't experience learning loss:, Keeping education fun is just so smart! See how our Project Learn program gets it done during non-school hours. http://bit.ly/1B1lRga, Shout out to all the #GreatFutures starting now and to all the #GreatFutures in the making! Congratulations to the #ClassOf 2015!, Opening the door to Great Futures since 1906. How do you give on a Tuesday? #GivingTuesday, Thanks to the generosity of NBA Cares, the BGC of Oakland Club members now can access their new Learn & Play Zone. Players from the Golden State Warriors and coach Steve Kerr also came out to unveil the new space. See how this event supports Great Futures!, Do you have questions about cyber bullying? Our Cyber Safe Ambassadors are answering your questions to help you start the conversation about internet safety with your teen. Check out the latest answers to your submissions!, ICYMI - BGCAlum Misty Copeland was recently named one of TIME magazine's Most Influential People. Her talents are front and center as she takes the lead in the American Ballet Theater's Swan Lake. See a glimpse of a day in her life:, Making sure out-of-school time is quality time. See how we are redefining the opportunity equation with the help of Taco Bell. #GradforMas, Did you know that during summer, most youth lose about two months’ worth of math skills? With the help of Disney and Staples, we're preventing that with our Summer Brain Gain program.  http://bit.ly/1M5h4uv, Congratulations Courtney P. from BGC of Choctaw County, our 2015-2016 Southwest Youth of the Year! Courtney will head to DC in the fall to vie for the National Youth of the Year Title where one Club teen will have the opportunity to serve as the youth ambassador for over 4 million youth. So proud of all of our SW candidates and can't wait to see what's in store for their #GreatFutures, Did you know the Youth of the Year, the highest honor of a Club member, journey spans across an entire year? Starting in the fall, Club teens progress from their local Club to the state level and then on to regionals where one candidate is selected to move forward to the national event in DC. Tonight, 8 teens from across the southwest region are gathering in Dallas where one finalist will be named the 2015-2016 Southwest #YOY. We’re proud of every Club member pursuing great futures and want to offer up a huge congrats to all of our SW state finalists!, Help us help teens graduate by adding $1 to your Taco Bell order and receive a free crunchy beef taco. A win-win! Hurry, ends 6/6, Thanks to Gap and Bank of America, we can help our graduating teens better plan for their #GreatFutures with CareerLaunch!, It’s officially Internet Safety Month! Did you know only 7% of U.S. parents are worried about cyberbullying, but up to 35% of teenagers have been victims of cyberbullying? We’re partnering with Sprint this June and our expert teens will tackle your toughest questions with honest answers. Submit your questions now! http://bit.ly/1HGBlmF, Got graduation goals...We believe in you!, Michael Phelps Foundation stopped by the BGC of Baltimore at the Meadowbrook Aquatic and Fitness Center to talk about water safety. Check out what the Olympian had to say during his visit http://bsun.md/1PT54ml, We're excited to accept the Gold Cause Marketing Halo Award for efforts to keep kids in physical activities to improve the health, well-being and self-esteem of children thanks to the New Balance Sparkstart initiative. Read more: http://bit.ly/1J8jGdi, Graduation season is on full blast and our Club members are already getting prepped for the next step! Check out our Diplomas to Degrees (d2D) college readiness program thanks to partners like Darden Restaurants and Toyota USA! http://bit.ly/1dzwVa6, June is Internet Safety Month! PARENTS we're partnering with Sprint to keep kids safe online. BGCA Teen Cyber Safe Ambassadors will be responding to any questions about cyberbullying, social networking, online privacy and mobile smarts. Got questions? We've got answers! http://bit.ly/1RoaLpz, If they can do it, so can you! Check out these amazing stories of people overcoming obstacles to achieve their goals:, Check out how we’re supporting #GreatFutures through Academic Success programs, graduation and more! http://greatfutures.org, Now thru 6/8 add $1 to your Taco Bell order to raise money to impact teens and get a free taco! #BGCA #GradForMas http://bit.ly/1c9QXq8, Attention Class of #GreatFutures: CONGRATS! We’re proud of you. Share your very own #ClassOf moment!, Big thanks to the team at Aaron's and the staff at the Port of LA Club for giving the teen center a brand new look! The Club kids are having a blast in their new space!
Photo via: Bret Hartman/ AP images for Aaron's Inc., We're proud to partner with Taco Bell to support the country's next generation of leaders., ICYMI: See a special segment on Shanice P. from Boys & Girls Club of New Haven, CT who helped inspire Matt Lauer’s bike ride from Boston to NYC in support of Red Nose Day., Today is RED NOSE DAY! Don't miss the live entertainment special on NBC at 8pm., ICYMI: Extra! Extra! Check out some of the highlights from the Alumni Hall of Fame ceremony during National Conference!, Boys & Girls Club Alum Nick Cannon will be hosting a 24 hour dance-a-thon for Red Nose Day starting at 8pm TODAY.  Tune in to www.nbc.com watch!, We’ve certainly seen our fair share of #BGCAlum dazzle us on the football field. But a dazzling football field-sized Chalk Paint Mural? Well, that’s a first for us! 

Today we helped RoseArt kick off summer at the Santa Monica Pier. We were honored to receive a $50,000 donation from RoseArt and the Mattel Children’s Foundation to fund summer arts programs in 20 cities. 

Together, we’re creating #GreatFutures through art and play! #ChalkFullOfFun, Don't forget to tune in to the Today Show THIS MORNING to see a special segment on Shanice P. from Boys & Girls Club of New Haven, CT., Tune in to the Today Show TOMORROW morning to see a special segment on Shanice P. from Boys & Girls Club of New Haven, CT as part of Matt Lauer’s bike ride from Boston to NYC in support of Red Nose Day and the fight against childhood poverty! 

Check out some of Matt's other encounters during his ride!, ICYMI: Check out more of Andre Reed's story as a new inductee to the BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame!, We can’t wait to see BGCA and Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Cincinnati make a debut in this weekend’s PGA REACH: Impacting Lives Through Golf special airing on CBS! PGA has been a longtime supporter of healthy lifestyles at our Clubs, offering the PGA Sports Academy experiences for hundreds of kids over the past few years. Can’t wait until Saturday? Watch the trailer here: https://vimeo.com/127281337. And TUNE IN on Saturday, May 16 at 2pm EDT on CBS nationwide (be sure to check your local listings) to watch the full special! #PGAREACH, The grand finale of the 109th National Conference was filled with spectacular performances by Clubs kids, special awards recognitions and celebrated the long-standing service of conference maestro Jim Caufield., The conference finale has started with a BANG!, We're about to kick off The M.A.C. awards to celebrate Clubs with significant achievement in marketing and communications. Check some of their great work!, As the number one advocate for youth, we’ll help 1.4 million teens stay on track to #graduate from high school. #GradGoals #GreatFutures, The final day of National Conference starts with the MLB and reaffirming their relationship with BGCA. 

MLB Legend Ken Griffey Jr. shared his Club experience., Summer is coming! Together with the Michael Phelps Foundation we want to make sure that you are safe around water. Remember to: 1) take swim lessons and be comfortable in water 2) never swim alone 3) know your surroundings. #imsafe, Furthering the conversation of building a thriving generation, The Teen Great Think brings together leading thought leaders, our partner Taco Bell and special keynote speaker pediatrician Dr. Kenneth Ginsburg to discuss issues facing teens!, Paul Kendrick with Opportunity Nation, a bi-partisan organization dedicated to advancing upward mobility speaks about closing the opportunity gap and civic engagement., We're launching the new The Young Alumni Club! Our goal is to have 100K strong by 2018. Check it out and join today! bgcalum.org, CEO Jim Clark asks the conference attendees "what will it take to turn things around? What leaders will step up?" BGCA has come up with the Great Futures Impact Plan standing shoulder-to-shoulder with our partner Taco Bell. 

"As the largest youth advocate we have to be BIG. BOLD. AGGRESSIVE.!", "Family first is most important. Then health. At the top is our kids. It's the bedrock & core value of what we do everyday!" - CEO Jim Clark, Day 2 of the National Conference kicks off with CEO Jim Clark giving a State of the Movement, CONGRATULATIONS to all of our 2015 Alumni Hall of Fame inductees. You inspire more Club kids #GreatFutures with your accomplishments and couldn't be more proud to welcome you in The Club for life!, #BGCAlum Hall of Fame inductees receive their lifetime membership gold cards! #GreatFutures, As we mark the 25th anniversary of the BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame, we congratulate the 2015 class of inductees., The Alumni Hall of Fame ceremony is up next! Vince McMahon is in the building! Stay tuned to see who else we run into., With the My Brother's Keeper initiative Michael Smith asks "what role can BGCA play?" #TeenAdvocacyDay, Former YOY and now key implementer of the My Brother's Keeper initiative Michael D. Smith speaks on the critical issues facing our youth. #TeenAdvocacyDay, "If we let teens walk out of our doors we will not know how their story ends or will it be led to #GreatFutures!" #TeenAdvocacyDay, We’re proud to partner with Taco Bell for Teen Advocacy Day! We stand with teens to empower them to graduate high school #GradGoals #GreatFutures, Once a Club kid, always a Club kid. Author of book Good to Great Jim Collins gives the keynote in the National Confernce opening session., Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel takes the stage! "For every child to live up to their potential, we adults must live up to our responsibility!" #GreatFutures, What a great way to kick things off with Club member performances!, YUUUUUP! It's here, we're kicking off the National Conference. During the #BGCAlum Hall of Fame ceremony Trey Songz will be inducted. Catch up to all what's going on via #GreatFutures, The CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment, Vince McMahon has come a long way from his poverty-stricken environment whenever he attended the Elizabeth City BGC. This year during our National Conference we’re recognizing him as a 2015 #BGCAlum Hall of Fame inductee! #GreatFutures Help us say CONGRATS!!, 1 MORE DAY! We're getting ready to kickoff our 109th National Conference this week to celebrate Magnificent Milestones!! Follow us to see what's going on! #GreatFutures, Andre Reed learned respect, resiliency and the importance of self-improvement at the Allentown BGC. Through hard work in sports, he went on to play 15 seasons in the NFL, appear in four Super Bowls and now as a 2015 inductee to the #BGCAlum Hall of Fame during our National Conference Ceremony. #GreatFutures, Ballerina Misty Copeland leaped her way into the hearts of many audiences when she gracefully performs with the American Ballet. Check out her inspiring story that moved her from poverty to #GreatFutures., Setting high expectations for high school #students can help shape a culture of success. #GradGoals #GreatFutures, “Young teen members who believe Club staff have high expectations of them are 29% less likely to have skipped school.” #fact  #GradGoals, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there. Have a great day!, Have you gotten your red nose yet?, Who knew that a needle and thread can take you all the way to the Oscars! Ruth E. Carter did at 8 years old while at the Massachusetts BGC. The costume designer's work can be seen in over 40 motion pictures including "Do the Right Thing," "The Butler," and most recently "Selma." We're excited to have her as a #BGCAlum Hall of Fame inductee during our National Conference May 13-15 #GreatFutures, More than 300,000 high schoolers have already made the promise to #GraduateForMas. Have you? #GradGoals, May is water safety month! As kids beat the heat this summer, don't forget the importance of water safety. Since 2009, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and the Michael Phelps Foundation have provided #imsafe swim lessons to over 8,000 members. Find out how you can help!, Once a Club kid, always a Club kid. Every year we honor those who have moved on to embody our mission of #GreatFutures. Denyce Graves has captivated the likes of U.S. Presidents and many others in audiences over of her illustrious career singing opera around the world. At our National Conference this year, she joins us as an inductee to the #BGCAlum Hall of Fame., While we work hard to help keep students on track to graduate on time, we applaud all grads! Inspiring story! #GradGoals, Robert Gamez diligently honed his golf skills from the discipline he learned while at the Lied Memorial BGC. At 17, he won the 1985 Southern Nevada Amateur. While a student at the University of Arizona, he won the Jack Nicklaus College Golfer of the Year Award. In 1990, Robert wont the Northern Telecom Open as a first-time member of the PGA Tour. Since then, he has contributed over $1 million to children's charities, including the BGCs of Lake and Sumter County in Florida through his Team Gamez Foundation. We are honored to to award him a new title, 2015 #BGCAlum Hall of Fame inductee!, Who would you nominate to speak at your high school #graduation? Tell us in the comments below., As May has already kicked off so does continuing academic success during the summertime. It's graduation season! Big props to all of the #BGCA Club members on their way to #GreatFutures. Thanks to all our supporting partners, Club leaders and YOU! #GradGoals, This year, we honor the 2015 class of the #BGCAlum Hall of Fame inductees at our National Conference. Annually, BGCA selects notable alumni who have moved on to embody our mission through their own professional and personal endeavors. As we celebrate our 25th anniversary of this esteemed honor. Check out some of our past recipients! #GreatFutures http://bit.ly/1cdNHuM, NFL Draft hopeful, Melvin Gordon stopped by the Kenosha BGC to encourage Club members to go after their #GreatFutures and surround yourself with positive like-minded individuals. 

The Kenosha BGC is having a draft-watch party today called "Kenosha Goes Pro," and the mayor will also attend. Help us wish Melvin the best as he goes to the #NFLDraft!!!, ICYMI: Check some of the highlights of Jennifer Lopez and Maryah Sullivan from the Radio Disney Music Awards! #GreatFutures, Learning about money helped Ashley develop a life skill and give back to other students #GreatFutures by teaching them financial literacy. See what Ashley learned through the Charles Schwab Money Matters program!, THANK YOU Radio Disney for continuing to create magical moments in the lives of Clubs kids everywhere! #RDMA, We're so thankful to Jennifer Lopez for all she's done to give back and be a voice for Boys & Girls Clubs of America! You're our hero! #RDMA, Help us congratulate Maryah for her dedicated service to the community and making the world a better place as she receives the Hero for Change award!! #RDMA, National Youth of the Year Maryah Sullivan is ready for the #RDMAs! TUNE IN NOW, It's almost time! Are you tuning in at 8pm EST to the Radio Disney Music Awards to see National Youth of the Year Maryah Sullivan and national spokesperson Jennifer Lopez? #RDMA, Tune in to the Radio Disney Music Awards tomorrow night at 8pm EST on the Disney Channel! Our own National Youth of the Year, Maryah Sullivan, will be presented with the #RDMA Heroes for Change award which recognizes ordinary young people for their extraordinary contributions to make the world a better place. 

 In addition, Jennifer Lopez, BGCA national spokesperson, will be receiving the Hero Award for her work with BGCA and being a role model, motivating and inspiring volunteerism and positive change in the US and around the world. We’re thrilled to see these Club alumna achieving their #GreatFutures!, Thanks NBC10 Philadelphia!! #CCDay, We're so happy to welcome volunteers for Comcast Impact Cares Day at BGCs across the country today!!, BGCA President/CEO Jim Clark blogs about his final stops in Korea to Youth Centers at Osan AFB and USAG Humphreys – where the military is literally building a new city. Check it out!, Thanks WNBA Atlanta Dream for spending the day with us!! #GreatFutures, Tomorrow more than 50 Boys & Girls Clubs around the country will benefit from hours of painting, landscaping, cleaning, computer installation, mentoring and other transformational efforts provided by Comcast NBCUniversal during Comcast Cares Day. The annual day of service includes the company’s employees, families, friends, and local community leaders celebrating their year-round commitment to service and the community. #CCDay Learn more: http://bit.ly/1d54i48, By participating in the Charles Schwab Money Matters financial literacy program, Blake won the opportunity to have a song and music video professionally produced by Grammy-nominated super producer Kevin "Khao" Cates. Check how this colloaboration came together to encourage other youth about money management. #TBT, TODAY is National Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. In conjunction with The White House, we want to encourage everyone to participate nationally.

Kids from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington will be going to the White House today to experience the working world and the importance of education.
See what the President has to say about it here: http://abcn.ws/1958Kxj, Million Members, A Million Hours of Service is dedicated to getting Club members active in their communities by donating at least 1 hour of service in 2015. Today, we focus on the environment and giving back to planet Earth! How are you giving back to the environment for #EarthDay? #1HourEquals, Don't forget about Community Day at Buffalo Wild Wings!, Boys & Girls Clubs teens ascended onto Orlando, FL for the 48th Annual Keystone Conference. Throughout the 3-day event, teens explored what it means to have a dream, own their community and be inspired to #OwnYourMagic! 

Teens saw many notable faces like WNBA star Skylar Diggins, singer Gracie Schram and Trevor Jackson from the hit Disney movie "Let It Shine," graced the stage in addition to many more. 

A special thank you to @AaronsInc for believing in these young leaders and for a meaningful expierence for all the teens that attended. See you next year!, CEO and President of BGCA, Jim Clark, went across the globe to tour BGCA-affiliated Youth Centers on U.S. military installations in South Korea. He met with Club members and mentors to learn how these kids are achieving their #GreatFutures. Read more about his visit!, TECH GIRLS ROCK!! This morning BGCA and our partners CA Technologies stopped by the Steve Harvey Morning show to talk about all things tech and pathways for young girls to get into #STEM! Learn more http://bit.ly/1aLPQvT, Looking for dinner plans this week? Our partner Buffalo Wild Wings is donating 10% of proceeds on Community Day, April 22, to support more than 400 local Clubs as part of the Team Up for Kids initiative. Enjoy great food and an even greater cause while hanging out with your favorite kids!, Thanks for inspiring our teens  Trevor Jackson!, Tom Jackson, Aaron's Inc., regional manager and General Session MC Halleemah Nash presented the Keystone Innovation Awards. Help us congratulate the WINNERS: 

The Children’s Aid Society East Harlem Boys & Girls Club

Grenville Baker Boys & Girls Club

Boys & Girls Clubs of Hudson County

Siegfried Youth Center

Boys & Girls Club of Woburn

A huge THANK YOU to Aaron's for believing in these young leaders and a successful Keystone Conferece!! #OwnYourMagic, Guess what? Singer Trevor Jackson stopped by the Keystone Conference to end this fun-filled time on a high!! #OwnYourMagic, As part of Unity Day, Keystoners were encouraged by Olympic champion, Jackie Joyner Kersee and our partners from UPS about giving back.

Teens participated in a community service project benefitting the Special Olympics organization. #1hourequals

How do you own YOUR community?, HAPPENING NOW: Hamilton Brown, Taco Bell Foundation addresses the crowd at Keystone & challenges them to encourage their friends to make the commitment to graduate. #OwnYourMagic, Aaron's Inc. gave teens an up close Career Experience at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference  inspiring Great Futures!, National Youth of the Year Maryah Sullivan stopped by Good Day Orlando this morning to chat about what the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program teens are learning during National Conference and what it means to Own Your Dream by believing in themselves with a special look into different journeys and the steps people take to make their dreams a reality., About last night...Skylar Diggins gave an inspiring speech of her story of how she #OwnYourMagic to become a WNBA star during Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference meet and greet thanks to Aaron's Inc.!!, Yesterday, in honor of Jackie Robinson Day, BGC Harland participated in a Pitch, Hit & Run program supported by BGCA's Wanna Play program and LEJ Sports. 

The Clark Atlanta University baseball team also joined in the fun! If your Club would like to have a PHR clinic, please register at www.pitchhitrun.com., In partnership with Aaron's Inc., we’re ready to kick off the 2015 Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference! Together, we will work to empower teens to #OwnYourMagic, make a difference in their communities and realize their potential for #GreatFutures, Today, BGCA teens are learning all about what it takes to succeed in the real world at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference Career & Workforce Development Readiness Expo! Whether it's time to apply to college or apply for jobs, the tips and valuable resources learned from this session thanks to Taco Bell, will help teens get prepared for #GreatFutures after high shool graduation. How do you achieve MÁS? #OwnYourMagic, Welcome to #OwnYourMagic Keystoners!!!, It's here! We're kicking off our celebration of Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference! How do YOU #OwnYourMagic?, All hands on deck! Volunteers are working hard preparing for the teens to ascend on Orlando for the National Keystone Conference kickoff #OwnYourMagic, It's almost time to kickoff this year's Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference! Conference organizers are ready for one wild ride with our teens! #OwnYourMagic, Charles Schwab brings financial literarcy program, Money Matters to life with the experience of the "Reality Store." Club kids get to experience the importance of having a budget to understand the difference between needs and wants to have financial #GreatFutures., Last week, Aaron's Inc. teamed up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America to transform the Keystone Club Teen Center at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee in Franklin. Keystone Clubs are places where teens learn to work as a team to make a positive impact on their community. Aaron's--as Keystone Partner--offered its support to the Franklin Club to demonstrate the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program concept of "Own Your Future." With areas to collaborate, study, and relax, the Franklin Club is now a space where Middle Tennessee teens are inspired to pursue #GreatFutures., National #YOY Ambassador, Misty Copeland expresses her feelings on what helped get her to where she is today. In a word: Perseverance. Read more: http://wapo.st/1z2UPic, It's #FBF!  Let's go back to 2003 before Michael Phelps was known as the most decorated Olympian of all time. This was the year of his first involvement with Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and was featured in this campaign:, It's almost time, ONE MORE WEEK til this year's  Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program Conference! How do you #OwnYourMagic while on your path to Great Futures?!, Great news!, The Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club's President Dinner not only brought out elite designers, but raised closed to $900,000 in support of #GreatFutures.

The Club has been in service of youth for 100 years, and celebrated that milestone gallantly!  Read more about the event:  http://onforb.es/1DJHvq4, Be sure to catch National Youth of the Year Maryah Sullivan as she attends the 2015 Radio Disney Awards on April 26!, Congressman Chaka Fattah is onboard with #GreatFutures, as he applauds our partnership with Raytheon to expand #STEM programming! 1.usa.gov/1c4xvLW, ICYMI: BGCA’s Do-It-Yourself (DIY) STEM program, created in partnership with Time Warner Cable, was recognized with two national awards: the Cynopsis Social Good Award and the PR News CSR Award in the “Nonprofit/Corporate Partnership” category!, No matter who you were pulling for in last night's NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, you've got to be happy for Jahlil Okafor. The Duke star, and now National Champion, got his start at the Fort Smith Boys & Girls Club: http://bit.ly/1yaFZLy, Have you gotten your workout in today? Nestlé is encouraging youth to live healthy lifestyles through setting short term fitness goals, proper nutrition, physical activity and a little friendly competion in between. For the next three years every spring and fall, Club kids will get the chance to flex their muscle as they get to compete in the biannual National Fitness Competition to raise awareness about childhood obesity and being active in their communities. #GreatFutures Learn more: http://bit.ly/1ImRsaP, Club youth at select U.S. military installations will have the opportunity to learn #STEM and achieve #GreatFutures in new Centers of Innovation, using the latest technology thanks to Raytheon's support of military families. http://bit.ly/1DTCwBQ, Ready for Major League Baseball's Opening Day? The kids at Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta are! So, who are you rooting for today?, We're all just a kid from somewhere. You can represent your somewhere with limited-edition custom apparel at http://www.justakidfrom.com
 
All net proceeds from the sale of this apparel go to Boys & Girls Clubs of America., ICYMI: It's not everyday that you see an Olympic track and field star at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Gordon, Murray and Whitfield Counties (North GA), until recently when Jackie Joyner-Kersee visits!  Sharing her story of the unique experience with BGCA at a young age, empowered her to sprint toward her #GreatFutures!, The generosity of NBA player Chris Paul's Family Foundation has given Watts-Willowbrook Boys & Girls Club kids a safe haven from nearby gang-affiliated activity by refurbishing the facility with Wi-Fi and computers. Thanks to this kind gesture Club kids can now to read, play and learn to  #GreatFutures ! Check out what this means to the Clippers star point guard! #GoodCharacter&Citizenship, Don’t be an April Fool, it’s Financial Literacy Month! Check out how Charles Schwab and the Money Matters program is educating teens to invest in their #GreatFutures!, null, You can help refresh a child’s future! Dasani will donate 50¢ to Boys & Girls Clubs of America for each participating package purchased in April, up to $250,000. #DrinkUp #GreatFutures 
For more information, visit: http://www.dasani.com/bgca, During #BGCWeek, Michael Phelps Foundation encouraged healthy lifestyles through water safety! #GreatFutures, National Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day is April 23. In conjunction with The White House, we want to encourage everyone to participate nationally.

Kids from the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington will be going to the White House on this day to experience the working world and importance of education. 

See what the President has to say about it here: http://abcn.ws/1958Kxj, The votes have been counted for the Blue Door Campaign...And the WINNER of the $5,000 @Lowes gift card is...Boys & Girls Club of Langlade County with over 1,000 votes!!! Help us congratulate them! #GreatFutures, Now you can watch our Youth of the Year finalists meet President Barack Obama. How exciting is this?!, It's your LAST CHANCE to win a Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores gift card! Take the virtual Club Tour to see the magic happening behind our Blue Doors, to win!! Visit BGCA.org/BGCWeek, NFL Superstar Victor Cruz's #GreatFuture started in a Boys & Girls Club. Open the Door to Healthy Lifestyles!!, Do you love computer science, Google, and the Boys & Girls Clubs? If so, apply to be a VISTA today! http://1.usa.gov/19U1khA, Tomorrow is the LAST DAY to vote for your favorite Blue Door. Help a club win Lowe's Home Improvement gift card., Have you seen the colorful artwork of "TRANSCEND: Moments In Sports That Changed The Game" -- Thanks @bleacherreport & @CreativeActionNetwork! #GreatFutures http://thelab.bleacherreport.com/transcend/index.html, The 2015 Native Summit is in full swing!! Join us in supporting #NativeClubs build #GreatFutures!!, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro's #GreatFutures started in a Boys & Girls Club. Open the Door to Good Character and Citizenship! #BGCWeek, IT'S ALMOST TIME for our Twitter Chat with Skylar Diggins and the Youth of the Year finalists!! Are you in? Participate in the #BGCChat at 6pm EST to receive a special gift by Aaron's Inc. #OwnYourMagic #GreatFutures, We have 100 Ways to Celebrate #BGCWeek. Check out our cool list presented by Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores! #GreatFutures, Today we're kicking off our Native Summit, a three-day gathering of Clubs serving Native youth throughout the country to celebrate #NativeClubs, community and culture!! Join us to help the growing community build Great Futures, show your support by #NativeClubs!!, Join us for our Twitter #BGCChat TODAY at 6pm EST featuring WNBA Superstar, Skylar Diggins and the National YOY finalists, discussing owning your #GreatFutures! A special gift will be given away provided by Aaron's Inc., Nick Cannon 's #GreatFutures started in a Boys & Girls Club. Open the Door. Take the Tour. #BGCWeek, Tomorrow is Teen Tuesday! Don't forget to join us tomorrow at 6pm EST for our Twitter #BGCChat with @SkyDigg4 and the National Youth of the Year finalists to talk about how to #OwnYourMagic on a path to #GreatFutures!! You could receive a special gift from Aaron's Inc. when you participate. See you there!, It's National Boys & Girls Club Week! Let us know when your #GreatFuture started! #BGCWeek Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores, null, During BGC Week, don't miss our first Twitter chat featuring our 2014 National YOY finalists and WNBA player @Skylar Diggins, next Tuesday at 6pm EST! Join us for a chance to win a special gift provided by @AaronsInc !, Club kids creatively decorated their favorite door to show where their #GreatFutures start inside of their Clubs. Vote now in the Blue Door Campaign for your fave and help a Club win a $5,000 Lowe's Home Improvement gift card! http://bluedoorcontest.hscampaigns.com/#submissions, BGC Week is next week! Open the Door and take our virtual Club tour to enter to win a $250 a Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores gift card.  #GreatFutures, We're excited to #AdvocateForYouth by spreading the news about what Clubs kids are achieving across the country during Advocacy Day!, Look who made the White House picture of the day!! The Youth of the Year finalists and CEO Jim Clark meet President Obama in The Oval Office #GreatFutures #AdvocacyDay!, The Youth of the Year finalists raise their voice for the 4 million Club kids that Boys & Girls Clubs of America open the door to everyday. Where does your #GreatFutures start? #MotivationMonday, Next week is BGC Week. Join the Celebration! Vote now for your favorite door in the "Blue Door Campaign,"  to help a Club win a $5,000 Lowe's Home Improvement gift card. http://bluedoorcontest.hscampaigns.com/#submissions, Stay tuned to see a day in the life of a Youth of the Year finalists as these ladies kick off #AdvocacyWeek with a visit to the @WhiteHouse! #GreatFuturesStartHere, Next week is #Advocacy Week! National Youth of the Year, Maryah Sullivan & the YOY finalists are kicking things off with a special visit to the White House to meet The President! #GreatFutures, Today, BGCA President/CEO Jim Clark, student/athlete Kevin Rafferty from Villanova and Butler's mascot Trip visited the Kips Bay BGC - Coudert clubhouse to read and interact with Club members as part of Big East Serves Day, a community service program implemented by the Big East Conference and its member schools., Signature Boys & Girls Club programs such as Youth of the Year, Million Members, Million Hours of Service, Torch Clubs and Keystone provide opportunities for Club kids to become responsible, caring citizens. These programs develop leadership skills and provide opportunities for planning, decision-making, contributing to their community and Club., Boys and Girls Clubs is proud to receive a Bronze President’s Volunteer Service Award from Junior Achievement for providing  #volunteer service to #JA students. #GivingTuesday, Teaching kids to give back can start simply with a conversation. How do you #GIVE, on a Tuesday?, We appreciate your ongoing support of our Club kids!, We're ready to spring forward into #GreatFutures! Don't forget to turn your clocks ahead tonight., Friends, please stop by BGCA alum Shaquille O' Neal, to wish him HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! We are so thankful for his continued service., Congrats!!, A half million teens are learning not only financial literacy but a life skill they can take all the way to the bank through our partnership with the Charles Schwab Foundation! #GreatFutures, Great times!!, Tyson Kidd, The Miz, and other WWE Superstars along with Be a STAR hosts an anti-bullying rally and talks about the importance of tolerance and respect with Atlanta Club kids. #goodcharacter&citizenship, VIDEO: Thanks SUGAR RAY LEONARD  for inspiring #GreatFutures during Youth of the Year speech., #GreatFutures start in the pool. Thanks Michael Phelps for spending time with our Club kids., Our vision for every Club kid is to be a responsible, caring citizen. How do you show good character and citizenship? Check out how BGCA alum, Michael Smith gives back to the community  #GivingTuesday, BGC alum SUGAR RAY LEONARD spoke with Collier County Club members as the keynote speaker for the Clubs Youth of the Year event. #GreatFutures, National VP of Program, Training and Youth Development, Boys and Girls Clubs of America, Kimberly Boyd making a special #STEM announcement at the @AmeriCorps VISTA 50th anniversary celebration held at the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C., Did you know that more than 8 million #STEM jobs are projected in our country by 2018? Thanks to a partnership with @Google and @CNCS, 5,000 Boys & Girls Club members will have the opportunity to learn computer science through the new Code Corps program! Talented AmeriCorps VISTA members will facilitate this program and give kids the tech training needed for #GreatFutures., null, Through our national partnership with @SamsungMobileUS, we are sparking kids' interest in #STEM and preparing young people for #GreatFutures. Thanks Samsung for giving select Boys & Girls Clubs renovated learning spaces, "Tween Tech Centers," and custom STEM curriculum. Check it out!, Our Club kids are celebrating pure goodness, thanks to Wonderful Halos and fitness guru, Tracy Anderson Method! How are you incorporating fitness & healthy snacking today? #GreatFutures, Oscars® Play to Give, presented by @JCPenney is the only watch party game that helps charities earn up to 50K in donations! Tune in TONIGHT during the show to play and support Boys and Girls Clubs. https://jcpwatchparty.com, Former Board Chairman Ron Gidwitz accepted eight Herbert Hoover plates from The White House Historical Association's Stewart McLaurin. Did you know? Herbert Hoover was a dedicated supporter of BGCA and helped raise funds to open hundreds upon hundreds of Clubs., ICYMI: Did you know that LeBron James loves Karaoke? Guess what else he loves? Making Boys & Girls Club kids smile. This weekend, with the help of his LeBron James Family Foundation & Sprite, the Thomas Murphy BGC in Brooklyn AND the Frederick Douglass BGC in Manhattan both received renovations to help them put even more kids on the path to #GreatFutures., Help Ross Open the Door to #GreatFutures! Through 2/28, Ross will match at-register donations $1-for-$1 up to $350K. Visit your local Ross to learn more., This weekend, Aaron's Inc. teamed up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America to transform the Keystone Club Teen Center at the Eastside Branch of Boys & Girls Clubs of San Antonio. Keystone Clubs are places where teens learn to work as a team to make a positive impact on their community. Aaron's - as Keystone Partner - offered its support to the Eastside Club to demonstrate the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program concept of "Own Your Future." The teens designed the space themselves, then worked with Aaron's associates to bring it all to life. With areas to collaborate, study and relax, the Eastside Club is now a space where San Antonio teens are inspired to pursue #GreatFutures., It's #PresidentsDay! Could some #GreatFutures paths be destined for the #WhiteHouse? Check out Matthew Jordan Smith's new book #FutureAmericanPresident, where he chronicles the dreams of America's youth, including kids from Clubs nationwide!, Do you like volunteering? How about the opportunity to bring sustainable positive impact to a local Boys & Girls Club? BGCA, in partnership with Google and the Corporation for National and Community Service has the opportunity for you!  Apply to be a VISTA today!  Hurry, spots are limited., Check out how Boys & Girls Clubs of America #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan warmed up for #NBAAllStarNYC... Now she's ready for tonight's big game! Are you?, Happy Valentine's Day!, February is American #HeartMonth and jumping rope is a great activity to promote cardiovascular health. Are you jumping for healthy #GreatFutures? Show us!, #TBT to Fit Family Challenge Winners - the Takanishi Family! This family's healthy #GreatFutures path didn't end when they took top honors in 2012. Today, they still participate in family activities, exercise regularly and follow MyPlate guidelines for meals. Keep up the great work, Takanishis!, #Didyouknow that #BGCalum and #NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal is a second-generation Club kid? His mom is also an alum! Learn more about Shaq's Club experience and #GreatFutures path in this video., Help Ross Dress for Less Open the Door to #GreatFutures! Through 2/28, Ross will match at-register donations $1-for-$1 up to $350K. Visit your local Ross Dress for Less store to learn more., “It’s more than just a place to go have fun. It’s where you go to ensure your future." Seeing youth like Cesar receive outstanding opportunities that impact their #GreatFutures path, such as the chance to go behind the scenes and see what it takes to produce the Super Bowl, is our #MondayMotivation! Huge thanks to Comcast dream big and NBCUniversal for making this possible. #CesarSB49, A good night's sleep is essential for kids to stay alert and ready to tackle their #GreatFutures path. Our friends at Let's Move﻿ can help you identify how much evening slumber your child needs. Visit letsmove.gov/active-families, For teens from The Children's Aid Society in New York, East Harlem Unit, #1hourequals learning skills to interact with police officers and other community officials. Teens from the Tri-state area participated in a youth-organized "Know Your Rights" workshop to share their experiences and help strengthen the community. Way to go!, #TBT to the awesome short film, "Water vs Energy Drink Triathlon," created by Boys & Girls Clubs of King County members. #GreatFutures are fueled by H2O!, Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco kids plant the seeds for #GreatFutures in their Edible Schoolyard! In this organic teaching garden and kitchen program, Club members and their families learn to plant, care for and cook nutritious foods. Learn more. http://www.kidsclub.org/edible_schoolyard/, We're teaming up with University of Phoenix to find the Most Inspirational Mom. Are you a mother doing extraordinary things and inspiring #GreatFutures for your family as a role model? Apply today! www.bgca.org/moms, Nutritious foods are necessary to fuel #GreatFutures! Our goal is to serve more than 500 MILLION healthy meals and snacks to Club kids by 2018. #MondayMotivation, He's toured the NBC Sports production bus, visited the Today Show and stood on the #SB49 field! Find out what else Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson member Cesar gets to do during his journey to Super Bowl XLIX by following him on Twitter, @CesarR520, and using #CesarSB49., #BGCalum and five-time Heavyweight Champion Evander Holyfield recently visited BGCA headquarters! A true champion for youth, Evander participates in numerous BGCA-related events, including Triple Play, and is a frequent guest speaker at local Clubs. While here, he and President/CEO Jim Clark considered a quick sparring lesson but settled for a photo instead. Thank you, Evander, for your continued support of #GreatFutures!, How exciting is this?! Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson Club member Cesar is in Phoenix and getting his first glimpse of what it takes to make Sunday's big game happen with Comcast and NBC Sports. Follow Cesar's #SB49 journey on Twitter with #CesarSB49!, It may be chilly outside, but Boys & Girls Clubs of the Tennessee Valley kids couldn't wait for swim practice when Olympian & #BGCA supporter Michael Phelps recently stopped by. Phelps, with help from Club member and Confidence Award recipient William, are teaching others about the safety and health benefits of swimming through the Michael Phelps Foundation IM program., #TBT to #BGCA Healthy Lifestyles Celebrity Ambassador & #BGCalum Mario Lopez and First Lady Michelle Obama joining these Club kids for a fun Zumba session to groove their way to #GreatFutures!, Thanks to you, Boys & Girls Clubs of America received the most votes in the Microsoft Store #GiveHappy campaign this holiday season! Your votes translated to Microsoft donations to #YouthSpark partners in support of young people in the US and Canada. Thanks to Microsoft for supporting #GreatFutures and - again - to you for voting us to the top of the list! http://retail.ms/give, Avid football fan and Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson Pascua Yaqui Clubhouse #YOY Cesar is going to the Super Bowl! Thanks to Comcast dream big and NBCUniversal, Cesar is getting a behind-the-scenes look at the technology NBC Sports uses to produce the big game! Learn more about this incredible experience and follow along using #CesarSB49., Closing in on our goal of 4 billion hours of physical activity completed by Club youth by 2018 inspires us to get moving this Monday! What's your #Mondaymotivation?, #Didyouknow that washing hands with soap and water is more effective than hand sanitizers, according to the Centers For Disease Control (CDC)? Choose a sink, soap and water when possible, but keep alternative cleansers handy for quick rinses. #GreatFutures, #TBT! Olympic Gold Medalist Dominique Dawes joined Club members and staff nationwide to set a #GuinnessWorldRecord for jumping jacks in 2011. What are your fitness goals for 2015?, Caring, community and service--that's what #BGCA senior leaders' recent visit to Boys & Girls Clubs of the Mississippi Delta's Grenada Clubhouse was all about! From joining Club members in the local #MLKDay parade to painting Club rooms, updating furniture and revamping the Technology Center, check out how Jim Clark and other BGCA leaders are giving back to impact #GreatFutures., Boys & Girls Clubs of Tucson Roy Drachman Clubhouse #YOY Gilbert V. gets the experience of a lifetime tonight as he attends the #SOTU! Learn how Gilbert's commitment to community #service and leadership skills earned him a seat at tonight's event with U.S. Representative Martha McSally., #ICYMI: President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama and AmeriCorps members joined kids from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington to celebrate #MLKDay and take part in the Club's #DayofService project. Learn all about it via The White House blog!, What an inspiring #DayofService at Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington! President Barack Obama, First Lady Michelle Obama and AmeriCorps members joined Club kids for their community service project and to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Learn more via The White House blog., "Life's most persistent and urgent question is: 'What are you doing for others?'" Today as we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and his commitment to community, Clubs across the nation and on military installations worldwide are participating in National Day of Service. #BGCA national staff members gave back to the Atlanta community by volunteering at Atlanta Mission's The Shepherd's Inn, a men's facility dedicated to ending homelessness. How do you give back to your community? Show us the impact that #1hourequals on #MLKDay!, Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta Malon D. Mimms Club took top honors in the Energy Star Heroes: Be Your Own Amazing competition! Learn more about the Club's winning project and all of the creative energy-reducing projects in the competition. http://prn.to/1B3tOMM, And the winner of the 5th Annual Fit Family Challenge is...the Blair Family!!! By making amazing changes in their level of physical activity, increasing the amount of family time and making conscious healthy eating choices, the Blair Family rose above the tough competition. Stay tuned for more pictures from the Challenge!, Tune in live or set your DVRs, but don't miss #AmericanIdol tonight! #BGCalum & National Spokesperson Jennifer Lopez is going home to Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club to spend time with the Club's performing arts team, "The K Company," and more. American Idol airs at 8pm ET on Fox. http://www.fox.com/schedule, It's #ThankYourMentorDay, and we'd like to send a huge "thank you" to all of the Club professionals, volunteers, alumni, members and supporters who help make #GreatFutures happen for America's youth! #MentoringWorks--just watch this video., Did you know that Misty Copeland's introduction to ballet began on a basketball court at a Boys & Girls Club? Misty shares her #GreatFutures story and tells how the experience inspires her current role as BGCA's National #YOY Ambassador in The Huffington Post blog., #GreatFutures begin when we work together! Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Salt Lake members worked with local organizations--even creating a compost pile--to help grow nutritious foods for families in need. These kids learned how eating fresh is eating healthy. How are you inspiring healthy eating in those around you?, BGCA President and CEO Jim Clark resolves to, "build teen membership to ensure kids are on track to graduate from high school," and more! Read all of Jim's 2015 resolutions to impact #GreatFutures and tell us about yours., Did you know that physical activity falls into three broad categories: aerobic, muscle-strengthening and bone-strengthening? Use a fun mix of these to get your family moving 60 minutes each day. Visit BGCA.org/TriplePlay to find activity examples for each category and more., Did you and your family resolve to make 2015 your healthiest year yet? Check out the Triple Play Parents Game Plan for resources to help your family succeed this year and spark healthy #GreatFutures!, We are less than two weeks away from the Triple Play Fit Family Challenge! Our Top 5 finalist families, representing Clubs across the country, will compete against each other in Miami on January 16. The finalists include: the Blair family, the Brodsky family, the Meyer-Ohana family, the Minick family and the Shomoforth family. Congratulations and good luck to all of our Fit Family Challenge families! Make sure you stay tuned for updates over the next few weeks., Innovative design meets state-of-the-art technology to inspire #GreatFutures at our 10th Tween Tech Center opening in 2014! This updated space, made possible by Samsung Mobile USA, is the perfect spot for kids at Boys & Girls Clubs of Portland Metropolitan Area to explore #STEM and prepare for 21st century success., Usher gave members from select Clubs across the U.S. a chance to attend his recent #URXTour! Huge thanks to this #BGCalum for an incredible and unforgettable experience., Did you know that less than half of high school students participate in physical education classes one or more days in an average week? Boys & Girls Clubs combat this issue by offering a fun environment for teens to be active!, Start the new year off right by staying active as a family! This can be as simple as a family walk., Happy New Year! Our New Year's resolution is to open the door to [even more] #GreatFutures in 2015--what's yours?, It's been an outstanding year for #GreatFutures, thanks to your support and commitment to America's youth. We can't wait to see what 2015 holds! #Flipagram, How does your family ring in the New Year? Celebrate with these fun family party tips and be sure to toast to a New Year and #GreatFutures!, It's not too late to give back in 2014! Make a tax deductible donation today and your gift opens the door to #GreatFutures. Visit CrowdRise.com/BGCAGift., We've reached over 1,696,587 doors opened! Help us reach our goal of 15M doors opened by donating today at www.GreatFutures.org., Where do kids at Boys & Girls Club of Utah County find #STEM inspiration and prepare for 21st century success? Their new state-of-the-art Tween Tech Center--made possible by Samsung Mobile USA--that's where!, Education happens in all sorts of places! Take learning on the road by spending the day with your family at a local museum. Encourage your kids to ask questions about what they see, too., Holidays are best celebrated surrounded by family and friends! Happy Holidays to you and yours from Boys & Girls Clubs of America., There is still time to add Boys & Girls Clubs of America to your holiday shopping list! Give the gift of #GreatFutures by donating today. Visit CrowdRise.com/BGCAGift, Huge thanks to #BGCalum Ne-Yo and The Compound Foundation for bringing holiday cheer, gifts and fun to these lucky Boys & Girls Club youth. Check out pictures from the annual Giving Tour!, Support #GreatFutures and save on last-minute holiday gifts at the same time, thanks to our partner RetailMeNot! Learn more at RetailMeNot.com., Boys & Girls Clubs of Albany opened an exciting technology hub to ignite kids’ passion for #STEM and inspire #GreatFutures! This state-of-the-art Tween Tech Center was made possible thanks to a partnership with Samsung Mobile USA and BGCA., Clubs across America help kids develop good character and become leaders in their communities! #GreatFutures, Avoid brain drain during the holidays by making learning fun with seasonal lessons!, Youth at The Salvation Army Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Atlanta got a HUGE surprise when SHAQ-A-CLAUS came to town! As part of a long-standing tradition to provide at-risk with the ultimate holiday & gifting experience, #BGCalum and NBA legend Shaquille O' Neal hosted a holiday party for Club members that included gifts, food, coats and even care packages for families., Clubs play a critical role in helping youth plan their #GreatFutures, including attending college., Make your dollars count this holiday season. Donate today and your donation will be matched $1-for-$1. YOU can open the door to #GreatFutures! Visit CrowdRise.com/BGCAGift., And the winner is….Boys & Girls Clubs of Broward County-Marti Huizenga Club! Congratulations to this year's Kids Give Back Contest winner. Check out all of the Kids Give Back finalists at GreatFutures.org/KidsGiveBack., This holiday season, #Gap.com is helping online shoppers send two gifts in one! When you select the slower shipping option, you're also giving the gift of a #GreatFuture because $1 will go to Boys & Girls Clubs of America., Technology, inspiration and so much more! The new state-of-the-art Tween Tech Center at Ohkay Owingeh Boys & Girls Club, made possible by Samsung Mobile USA, is fully equipped to help kids prepare for 21st century success and #GreatFutures., Help your kids pick out jackets and coats they've outgrown and donate to a local charity organization. Share some warmth this holiday season!, We're getting closer to our goal of 15M doors opened to #GreatFutures! YOU can help us reach our goal by donating today. Plus, your donation will be matched $1-for-$1 throughout the holiday season. Visit GreatFutures.org to learn more., Voting in the #KidsGiveBack contest has been extended through Monday (12/15) at 12 pm ET! Don't miss your chance to help one of these incredible Clubs win a $2,500 grant. Cast your vote at  GreatFutures.org/KidsGiveBack., Today is your last chance to vote for your favorite Kids Give Back story! The winning Club receives a $2500 grant to help them open the door to more #GreatFutures. Visit greatfutures.org/kidsgiveback to cast your vote before midnight PT!, Round up your JCPenney purchases this holiday season & support #GreatFutures on U.S. military installations! Through Dec. 19, your contributions will be donated to #JCPCares to directly fund national and local programs supporting the military and their families through the USO and #BGCA's Military Youth Programs., Help Club kids stay warm this holiday season! Donate a new or gently-used coat at a Gap Store Dec. 8 -15 and get $10 off your purchase! No coat, no problem. Make a monetary donation to #GreatFutures and get the same savings!, Clubs across America teach kids how their actions affect others, helping them make informed decisions for #GreatFutures., Seeing #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan, along with BGCA Board of Governor's member and Tupperware Brands Chairman & CEO Rick Goings, on the Today Show talking about #GreatFutures for Club youth was an awesome way to start the week!, Ice skating, snow boarding and sledding are all examples of fun ways for families to stay active during the holidays!, We received countless stories of Club kids giving back to their community. Have you voted for your favorite yet? Public voting ends Dec. 12 - cast your vote today! Visit GreatFutures.org/KidsGiveBack, Support #GreatFutures this holiday season with these cuddly Bon-Ton teddy bears. Available online or in stores, a portion of each sale benefits BGCA., In this edition of #FlashForwardFriday, we're taking you to 2016 when there will be 4,103 more high school graduates if 75% of Clubs' 9th graders graduate. Help us reach this goal by donating to #GreatFutures today! Visit crowdrise.com/bgcagift., Unused office space was recently transformed into a hub for #STEM learning and innovation at Union League Boys & Girls Clubs. In partnership with #BGCA and Samsung Mobile USA, the Club received a state-of-the-art Tween Tech Center to prepare members for 21st century success!, During Mattel's 12 Days of Deals, every toy purchased equals a toy for a Boys & Girls Club member! Visit MattelShop.com or FisherPricestore.com and help reach the goal of 250K toys donated by the end of the year!, Keeping kids engaged during the holidays can be tough! Turn reading into a fun activity for the whole family. #GreatFutures, From food drives to volunteering at pet shelters and more, Club members' give back year-round. Support this philanthropic spirit on #GivingTuesday & donate to #GreatFutures. Visit crowdrise.com/bgcagift to donate, create a fundraiser & inspire your friends to join you!, It's #GivingTuesday & the perfect time to give the gift of a #GreatFuture! All donations will be matched $1-for-$1 up to $1 million. Visit crowdrise.com/bgcagift to donate now, start a fundraiser and share your giving experience to open the door for America's kids!, Tomorrow is #GivingTuesday! We're joining UPS, Toys for Tots & The Salvation Army USA to talk about all of the ways that charities, like Boys & Girls Clubs, give back during the holiday season and year-round! Use #WishesDelivered & join us on Twitter from 2-3 pm ET., This holiday season, join Microsoft Store and  #GIVEHAPPY to #GreatFutures! Microsoft Store is donating to Microsoft #YouthSpark partners, and Boys & Girls Clubs of America needs your help! Cast your vote to impact the donation that #BGCA receives!  To learn more, visit http://retail.ms/give., You might not be thinking about graduation during the holidays, but Boys & Girls Clubs across America are! Clubs keep kids engaged throughout the year to keep them on track for graduation and #GreatFutures., Thanksgiving is the perfect day to spend time with family and friends! Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at Boys & Girls Clubs of America!, Give the gift of #GreatFutures when you shop at Family Dollar! Through Nov. 30, donate a $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America at check-out., Recently, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Dallas received a new addition to the Club--a brand new gamesroom! Built with support from the Amerigroup Foundation, the gamesroom provides a space for kids to play educational games, engage in fun physical activities and create lasting friendships for #GreatFutures success., Donate to Boys & Girls Clubs of America and your dollars will be doubled! Your gift opens the door to #GreatFutures. Visit GreatFutures.org & give today!, The day has finally arrived…voting for the Kids Give Back contest is open! Vote for the Club that you think made the biggest impact in their community. Visit GreatFutures.org/KidsGiveBack to cast your vote!, Twenty girls from Boys & Girls Clubs of Southern Nevada recently had the experience of a lifetime at CA World ’14 in Las Vegas, hosted by CA Technologies. While attending an inspiring Tech Girls Rock workshop filled with #STEM-related educational and career information, the girls also had the opportunity to meet NBA Hall of Famer and #BGCalum Magic Johnson! #TGR, Make health a priority during the holiday season. Clubs across America keep youth active year-round, creating healthy #GreatFutures!, Madison from Boys & Girls Club of the South Coast Area and Ariana from Boys & Girls Clubs of Metrowest brought their favorite books to life to win the #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest, which is supported by Staples! In addition to eReader prizes, both winners received a reading celebration event at their Clubs. Check out these photos from both reading celebration events! To learn more about this contest opportunity, visit http://bgca.org/makegoodreadshappen., We're excited to partner with Comcast to ignite kids' passion for technology and inspire #GreatFutures. By giving kids the opportunity to explore a variety of digital topics, from robotics to game design, coding and more, the My.Future initiative prepares Club youth for success in an ever-expanding digital world. Check out these pictures from our launch events at Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia, Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater WashingtonBoys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington,  Boys & Girls Clubs of Chicagoand Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula., Disney Store is sharing the magic this holiday season & supporting #GreatFutures! For every identified Holiday Wish Gift purchased in-store or online through Dec. 7, the Disney Store will donate $1 to BGCA, up to $100,000., What better way to enjoy some family time AND stay active during the holidays than heading outside for a front-yard football game?!, Embracing heritage and culture are part of every #GreatFutures path. Throughout November, we are recognizing #NativeAmerican Heritage Month. To honor the incredible contributions of Native cultures and showcase the breadth of Native cultures represented among Clubs, we want to hear #GreatFutures in your native language! Celebrating Native cultures in other ways this month? Tell us about it., Donate this holiday season and your dollars are doubled. Every $1 donated will be matched up to $1M. Your gift opens the door to #GreatFutures! Visit GreatFutures.org., Technology, fitness, fish & #GreatFutures come together for Boys and Girls Club of West San Gabriel Valley youth thanks to BGCA Fitness Ambassador & #BGCalum Mario Lopez and the Tanked crew! Catch the full episode tonight at 10pm ET on Animal Planet., We’re partnering with Comcast to ignite kids' passion for #Technology and inspire #GreatFutures. The My.Future initiative, allows Club members to explore a variety of digital topics, including robotics, coding and game design. To learn more about this exciting five-year partnership, visit bgca.org/myfuture., Support #GreatFutures when you visit your local Family Dollar! Through Nov. 30, your $1 donation at check-out helps Open the Door to #GreatFutures for America's youth., Prepping for all of those holiday dinners? Inspire your kids to help in the kitchen with reading recipes and measuring ingredients. It's the tastiest math lesson ever!, Spending time with #veterans is an incredible opportunity to honor those who have served and still serve, as well as to learn from their strong desire to give back to the nation through community service and civic engagement. #MCML Teen Reporter Truelove, of Boys & Girls Club of St. Lucie County, got to spend a day with veterans in DC. Read how this life-changing experience made him truly grateful to the women and men who bravely and selflessly serve our country. #VeteransDay, Your donation = doors opened to a #GreatFutures! Plus, your dollars will be matched up to $1M! Give back today by donating and open the door to #GreatFutures across America. www.GreatFutures.org., It's back! The Kids Give Back Contest has arrived and you'll be able to vote for your favorite starting November 24th! Check back soon for more details., The new Tween Tech Center at Boys & Girls Club of the Missouri River Area, renovated in partnership with Samsung Mobile USA, is the perfect space for kids to explore #STEM, preparing them for 21st century success and #GreatFutures!, President Barack Obama recently announced his intent to nominate 2010 #YOY & #BGCalum Mona Dixon to serve on the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service! As a board member, Mona would provide a crucial young adult’s perspective on community service. Please join us in wishing Mona the best on her nomination! #CongratsMona http://bgc.am/DZ7BO, Every day, Club kids across America are encouraged to be leaders. In fact, 85% of Club kids believe they can make a difference in their communities.  #GreatFutures = Great Communities!, Exciting day at BGCA! #BGCalum & National #YOY Celebrity Ambassador Misty Copeland stopped by and took a moment to sign her Alumni Hall of Fame picture. Stay tuned for an #MCML interview to catch up with Misty & the great work she is doing to inspire #GreatFutures!, There's no better time to give back than during the holidays! Inspire your kids to give back by planning a volunteer day for the whole family with your favorite organization or cause. Find ways to get involved with BGCA here: greatfutures.org/pages/getinvolved.aspx, Support Boys & Girls Clubs of America when visiting your local Family Dollar this holiday season! Through Nov. 30, your $1 donation at check-out helps Open the Door to #GreatFutures for America's youth!, It's officially November and time to start working on holiday shopping lists. Don't forget to add these cute, cuddly Bon-Ton teddy bears to your list! Only $7 each with $2.75 from each purchase supporting #GreatFutures!, Teens at the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Oxnard and Port Hueneme are learning about 3-D effects and other art projects in a scary fun way! #MCML Teen Reporter Amber gives us the scoop on the  Halloween haunted spaceship that they built for kids in their neighborhood to enjoy., Happy Halloween! Today is a great chance to let kids showcase their creativity with fun costumes and make-up. For last-minute ideas and supplies, Party City is open until midnight! Don't forget to donate to #GreatFutures at the register., "By the end of the day, we had learned how to work as a team and we understood that we are not just a #Keystone Club, but we are a FAMILY." Learn more about this inspiring hike taken by Tacoma’s Raining Hope Keystone Club from #MCML Teen Reporter Katie P. of Boys & Girls Clubs of South Puget Sound. #GreatFutures, An essential part of #GreatFutures is teaching children responsibility. Encourage your kids to make good decisions and keep safety a top priority this Halloween., Congratulations to our #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest winners: Grade 1-5 Winner Madison from Boys & Girls Club of the South Coast Area and Grade 6-12 Winner Ariana from Boys & Girls Clubs of Metrowest.

These Club members will receive an eReader, along with other prizes, and BGCA and Staples will host a fun reading celebration event at their Clubs. 

To learn more about the Staples Make Good Reads Happen contest, visit bgca.org/makegoodreadshappen., Weekday night. Endless Pasta Bowls. And the ability to support #GreatFutures by rounding up your check. It's a good night to sit down for dinner at Olive Garden., It was all smiles on Saturday as MLB, with help from the San Francisco Giants, celebrated 18 years of supporting & inspiring #GreatFutures with the dedication of the renovated Teen Center at the Willie Mays Clubhouse, Team Smile dental screenings for youth and more., Only 5 more days to get your scary Halloween ready! It's the perfect time to go pick up party decor! Check out these great ideas from Party City and don't forget, you can donate to #GreatFutures in-store right at the register!, Today is the last day to vote for one of six finalists in the #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest, supported by Staples! Cast your vote for your favorite in each category before 3 pm EST. And, don't forget to enter the #MakeGoodsHappen giveaway for a chance to win an eReader for yourself & the Club of your choice. bgca.org/MakeGoodReadsHappen., #TBT Fun Fact Edition: Did you know that #2013YOY & #BGCalum Kiana Knolland delivered the first pitch to the mound during last year’s #WorldSeries? This year, Club kids are delivering the ball to the mound prior to each World Series game, and Saturday, #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan will take her turn at the mound. We're so honored to be a part of this awesome #MLB tradition!, #GreatFutures aren't possible without the support of a loving community. This fall, inspire your children to give back, help others and show them the true value of even small acts of kindness., A big part of any #GreatFutures path is helping and inspiring others to find theirs.

#1HourEquals is a movement: A million Club kids volunteering a million hours to community service and leadership. Learn more about #1HourEquals & how to get involved., This is the final week to support our six #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest finalists. Visit bgca.org/MakeGoodReadsHappen all week to vote in two different categories. One Club member in each category will win great Staples prizes. 

After you vote, make sure to enter our giveaway to win your own eReader. Additionally, giveaway winners will donate an eReader to a Boys & Girls Club of their choice. Vote one time per hour this week until voting closes at 3 p.m. ET on Friday., Party City is on Pinterest! Pull inspiration for your party, and while you're shopping in-store, don't forget to donate to #GreatFutures at the register!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America not only encourages #GreatFutures but, like the U.S. Department of Agriculture, we also encourage making nutritious food choices for great health. #healthiernextgen, Anytime is a great time to give towards #GreatFutures, but right now, every dollar makes twice the difference! Thanks to a generous gift from our Founding Great Futures Philanthropists, Timothy "Timbaland" & #BGCAlum Monique Mosley and  Always Believing Foundation, every $1 donated will be matched up to $1 MILLION! Donate today! bgc.am/B9KV4, #ICYMI: Check out our segment on American Graduate Day! PBS invited Kimberly Boyd of Boys & Girls Clubs of America  and Elijah M., a 15-year-old member from Boys & Girls Club of Columbus, to discuss the importance of summer learning to help kids graduate from high school on time, headed for #GreatFutures. #AmGrad  , Make sure to support our six #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest finalists, supported by Staples. The finalist with the most votes will win great prizes, and their Club will win a reading celebration party thrown by Boys & Girls Clubs of America!

You can win too! Everyone who votes can enter a sweepstakes for a chance to win their own eReader and to donate a second eReader to a Boys & Girls Club of their choice. Who will this week’s drawing? The deadline to vote is Oct. 24!

Visit bgca.org/MakeGoodReadsHappen to learn more and vote. , Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia  kids are exploring STEM & preparing for #GreatFutures in their new Tween Tech Center, thanks to Samsung Mobile & celebrity craftsman Carter Oosterhouse. Check out these pictures!, #ICYMI: Did you know that October is National Anti-Bullying Month? If you missed Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Denver's member, Moises, speak up against bullying on Cartoon Network, check out this video about how his Bully Out program is helping put an end to bullying in Denver:

, Show off your spirit with these great, kid-friendly Party City ideas and donate to #GreatFutures right at the register of your local store! 
, Great health is an important part of #GreatFutures. Stay motivated through autumn by challenging yourself to eat well!, #ICYMI: CNN Spotlight talks with Denzel Washington about the beginning of his #GreatFuture with the  Boys & Girls Clubs of America

"His first membership card is issued in 1962. It's a lifelong connection. The club experiences begin to shape an artistic, athletic, and competitive young man." 
, Looking for a delicious way to support #GreatFutures? Olive Garden will round up your check and donate the proceeds to Boys & Girls Clubs of America!, A big thanks to Macy's for supporting #GreatFutures and making #ThanksForSharing a huge success! Macy’s raised $1.2 million for Boys & Girls Clubs and $15 million for nonprofits like ours!  Macys.com/thanks, Monday Night Football, delicious eats at Buffalo Wild Wings and purchasing a pin up to donate towards #GreatFutures. Who says Monday has to be the least favorite day of the week?, We’re so excited to announce our six finalists in the #MakeGoodReadsHappen contest, supported by Staples. Visit bgca.org/MakeGoodReadsHappen to make your selection in two different categories. One Club member in each category will win an eReader and a reading celebration party for their Club. 

You can win, too! Once you vote, enter a sweepstakes for a chance to win your own eReader and to donate another eReader to a Boys & Girls Club of your choice. There will be a drawing each week, so vote today!, We want to wish a Happy Belated 19th Birthday to our #2014YOY, Maryah Sullivan! Maryah wants to be a neurosurgeon when she graduates college and we know she's already on the path!  #GreatFutures really do start here!, It's time to start working on your scary! Beginning today, when you shop for Halloween at  Party City you can support #GreatFutures at check out., During the Back-to-School season, Kids Foot Locker Foundation supported Boys & Girls Clubs of America and raised $43,000 for #GreatFutures through in-store and online donations nationwide. Thanks for your support and encouragement for Club kids to achieve health and fitness goals., TUNE IN to Cartoon Network today at 5:58pm ET to catch the broadcast debut of Club kid Moises. He spoke up to stop bullying by creating the "Bully-Out" program at his local Club – the Cope Boys & Girls Club of Metro Denver. What are you doing to keep kids safe from bullying? Tell us using #ISpeakUp!, Did you know that #STEM jobs in the United States are expected to grow nearly twice as fast as other fields by 2018? Learn how out-of-school providers can inspire #GreatFutures for underrepresented youth to become the innovators and problem-solvers of tomorrow in our white paper from BGCA’s STEM Great Think discussion: greatfutures.org/greatthink, It's Speak Up Week on Cartoon Network, and these kids are speaking up against bullying! Join them & let's help Cartoon Network reach their goal of One Million speaking up. Share your story, using #ISpeakUp, and become One in a Million. , The #GreatFutures Donation Match Challenge is still on thanks to Founding Great Futures Philanthropists Timbaland & #BGCAlum Monique Mosley and Always Believing Foundation. Every dollar donated will be matched up to $1 MILLION. Donate today! http://bgc.am/ASmGF, ICYMI! #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan visited the The Queen Latifah Show last week and was surprised by BGCA National Spokesperson Denzel Washington. Watch the video & see what #BGCalum Queen Latifah had to say about her Club experience, as well as the #GreatFuture that Maryah has ahead of her. , We’re live TODAY on American Graduate Day on your public TV station and online at AmericanGraduate.org! Look for us at 11:30 a.m., as we discuss the importance of summer learning on #GreatFutures. We hope you’ll tune-in! #AmGrad, Tune-in tomorrow from 11:30-1:30 p.m. ET to catch BGCA on American Graduate Day on PBS! Kimberly Boyd of BGCA; Elijah, a 15-year-old Boys & Girls Clubs of Columbus member; and #BGCalum Victor Cruz, of the New York Giants, will discuss the importance of summer learning—in addition to video testimonials from alums CC Sabathia & Jackie Joyner-Kersee. Don't miss it! #AmGrad, Great discussions last week at the #YouthSafety #GreatThink. Leading industry experts, advocates and organizations gathered in Washington, DC to explore one of the most pressing issues faced by our nation – and the world: keeping kids safe. Thank you to presenting sponsor UPS and supporting sponsors Cartoon Network, Microsoft, Sam's Club, Sprint and UL., #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan visits the Queen Latifah Show tomorrow to talk about #GreatFutures, and you don't want to miss the surprise that #BGCalum Queen Latifah has in store for her. Preview below!   , "You carry on the Club's incredible mission that #GreatFutures start here." #TBT to Misty Copeland, #BGCalum & Youth of the Year Celebrity Ambassador, speaking at the #2014YOY Congressional Breakfast. Join Misty & all those who support #GreatFutures. Donate today! http://bgc.am/ASmGF, Thanks to our national partner Lunchables Lunch Combinations, the Boys & Girls Clubs of South County skate park was revamped and re-opened. Club kids had a blast celebrating and exploring the new renovated areas of the park., Samsung Mobile USA and celebrity designer Carter Oosterhouse are helping build #GreatFutures at Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee. Check out the Club’s new Tween Tech Center, which was designed to promote #STEM learning and fun!, YOU can be a #GreatFutures role model! Have a positive attitude to make homework fun and less like a chore., We're well on our way to reaching $1M, but we need your help! Thanks to our Founding #GreatFutures Philanthropists, Timbaland & #BGCAlum Monique Mosley and their Always Believing Foundation, every dollar donated gets doubled. Have you joined in? http://bgc.am/ASmGF, Thanks Olive Garden for supporting #GreatFutures and delivering meals to 700+ local Clubs nationwide!, The countdown has begun to #AmGrad! On Sept. 27, Boys & Girls Clubs of America will be a part of the American Graduate live broadcast, addressing the nation’s dropout crisis. We'll be talking about BGCA's Summer Brain Gain and the program's role in #GreatFutures! , Macy’s Thanks for Sharing helps many Clubs like Boys & Girls Clubs of South Puget Sound by providing donations to support #GreatFutures programs. Find out how you can give back and get rewarded at macys.com/thanks!, Speaker, author & #GreatFutures supporter Molly Fletcher is donating all royalties from her new book, "A Winner's Guide to Negotiating," to BGCA through 9/27! Learn more. , We're joining Finn, Cartoon Network & many others to speak up against bullying! Be One in a Million and let the world know, "#ISpeakUp!"    , What a GREAT week in Washington, DC, for the National #2014YOY Celebration! We were thrilled to announce Maryah Sullivan as the 2014-2015 National Youth of the Year and inspired by the lifelong bond that we watched our six finalists build with one another. Stay tuned to learn more about their #GreatFutures & all of the work they are doing to motivate others to Open the Door!, #TBT One year ago, she accepted the NYOY title with poise & grace, and now she's passing the #GreatFutures baton... Check out the words of wisdom outgoing National YOY Kiana Knolland had to share with National #2014YOY Maryah Sullivan on The Huffington Post., TUNE IN TONIGHT @ 8pm ET to cheer for BGC of Middle Tennessee's Quintavious Johnson in the America's Got Talent #AGTfinale! With a voice like that, we know this Club kid is destined for #GreatFutures., In Maryah’s words: “With the Boys & Girls Club, I found confidence. I found a home.” And now Maryah Sullivan, our National #2014YOY, has found herself a place in the spotlight. This young lady’s #GreatFuture looks so bright, we're honored to have her represent the entire Boys & Girls Clubs family!, Want to see what #GreatFutures look like? Meet Maryah Sullivan, Boys & Girls Clubs of America National #2014YOY! Congratulations!, Beyond these doors, the announcement everyone is waiting for will happen! Can't wait to find out who will be be named National #2014YOY!, What an amazing night at the National Youth of the Year Gala! Thank you to everyone who came out to support #GreatFutures and congratulations to all of our #2014YOY finalists! We are anxiously waiting to hear who will be selected as our Nat'l #2014YOY tomorrow morning!, Tables are set & the BLUE carpet has been rolled out. We can't wait for the Nat'l #2014YOY Celebration to begin!, On September 15, our #2014YOY finalists started their day with a photo shoot on Capitol Hill. Then, they had a meet & greet with the judges and Jim Clark. Their day ended with a delicious dinner with Darden Restaurants at Capitol Grille., There's still time to double your dollars for #GreatFutures! Thanks to a generous gift from our Founding Great Futures Philanthropists, Timbaland & #BGCAlum Monique Mosley and Always Believing Foundation, every $1 donated will be matched up to $1 MILLION! bgc.am/B9KV4, Years of hard work and preparation have led to this moment - the National #2014YOY interviews. Good luck, finalists!, A DC landmark scavenger hunt, picnic and bonding with new friends, it's been an exciting Sunday for the National #2014YOY finalists. We can't wait for tomorrow to continue celebrating the achievements and #GreatFutures of these 6 outstanding young ladies., It's the 200th anniversary of “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Check out this rendition from Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club members, performed in the key of #GreatFutures!, Day 2 of National #2014YOY celebration events started with media training, sponsored by Tupperware Brands Corporation, to prepare the National Youth of the Year finalists for an exciting year as teen representatives of Clubs nationwide. Next, these young ladies stopped by JCPenney to help kids from  Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington pick out back-to-school clothes and stay stylish on the road to #GreatFutures., For Midwest Youth of the Year Jasmnika N., Boys & Girls Club of Benton Harbor helped her "escape her imaginary shell of insecurity" and find her voice. Learn more about this dynamic young lady & National #2014YOY finalist!, #BGCalum & BGCA National Spokesperson Denzel Washington knows first-hand how instrumental Clubs are in shaping #GreatFutures, and he's talking all about it in this WebMD article! , CBL Properties recently kicked off their donation program featuring #CocaCola Racing driver Elliott Sadler! Through 9/20, participating malls are accepting items such as sports equipment, arts supplies, and games to donate to local Clubs. Visit a CBL mall in your area & help #CBLcares support #GreatFutures., Out of 4 million Club kids, these 6 young ladies were chosen as finalists for National Youth of the Year, based on their commitment to service, their poise & their pursuit of #GreatFutures. We're excited to welcome them to DC for the celebration and announcement of the National #2014YOY!, With summer winding down and back-to-school in full swing, Aisha, our 2014 Charles Schwab Money Matters National Ambassador, offers tips to help teens & parents start discussing financial goals for the upcoming year, including summer! Check out The Huffington Post blog., Hip-hop star Diggy Simmons joined over 200 kids during Madison Square Boys & Girls Club's Back-to-School Bash. The event, which featured representatives from local colleges, is part of Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Darden Restaurants’ national partnership designed to guide youth, reinforce the path to graduation and provide tools and resources for the future., "I am a military youth and proud of it." Leadership, life goals and commitment to service, Natalia L., Military YOY & #2014YOY Finalist, is an outstanding example of the Youth of the Year program spirit. Learn more about her & all of our finalists' #GreatFutures! http://bgc.am/AZ6OE, Happy Birthday to #BGCAlum & National Youth of the Year Ambassador Misty Copeland! Your poise, strength and daily pursuit of a #GreatFuture inspires Club youth across America., Nutritious foods help fuel #GreatFutures! For picky eaters in your family, make a game out of trying new things or pair their favorite foods with something new. What are your tips for helping finicky foodies branch out?, Time is running out to cast your vote for the Maytag Dependable Leader Award! Meet the nominees, learn about their commitment to making a difference in the lives of youth & help one win $50K in scholarships. , A second family, support and the courage to pursue her #GreatFutures path. NE Youth of the Year & #2014YOY Finalist Sparkle P. found all of these things and more when she opened the Blue Doors at Boys & Girls Club of Atlantic City. Read her story and learn more about all of our Youth of the Year finalists. http://bgc.am/AZ6OE, Such an AMAZING day at #DFKATL! Thank you so much to all of our teams, volunteers, sponsors, and, especially, CLUB KIDS for coming out and supporting #GreatFutures. We can't wait to see everyone next year!, Fun and games play an important role in #GreatFutures. That’s why we’re super excited to host #DFKATL today! Club kids, volunteers, and partners will combine forces for a chance to be the #DFKATL winners!, NOW is the time to make your donation to #GreatFutures! Every $1 donated will be matched up to $1M. Simply click the link, complete the form and you’ve opened the door to #GreatFutures! http://bgc.am/ASmGF, Praise and encouragement are essential for #GreatFutures! Create an achievement banner to display your kids art projects and A+ work. Our partner Fiskars can help make your creations come to life with their kids scissors and fun project ideas. http://bit.ly/1qCkBHF, “The Club is that special place where no matter how old I get, I can always come back to receive the same support and encouragement, as well as give of myself to the younger Club members.” Tae M., of Boys & Girls Clubs of South Puget Sound, is the Pacific Youth of the Year. Will this outstanding Club member be our #2014YOY? Read her story, learn more about her #GreatFutures path & meet the rest of our YOY finalists! http://bgc.am/AZ6OE, Give back, get rewarded. Online and in stores, Macy's Thanks for Sharing benefits #GreatFutures for America's youth. Want to learn more? Visit www.macys.com/thanks, Acclaimed financial advisor and #BGCAlum Ric Edelman wants to help fellow alumni pursue their #GreatFutures beyond the active Club years with The Truth About Retirement Plans and IRAs Seminar. Interested in attending? Use code “BGCA,” and seminar tuition will be waived!, For SW YOY Cecilia G., Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Dallas was more than just a place to go after school. The Club gave her the encouragement and hope to pave her #GreatFutures path. Listen to this #2014YOY finalist's inspiring story., Our Maytag Dependable Leader Finalists need your vote! Find out how these Club teens are paving the way for their #GreatFutures through a commitment to reliability, dependability and excellence. The winner will receive $50K in scholarships. http://www.dependableleaders.com/, It’s September, and along with Clubs, we’re celebrating youth at Day for Kids events throughout the country! #DFK is a special time when Club staff, volunteers, parents, partner organizations and community members come together to honor and inspire kids on their paths to #GreatFutures. Learn more and find out how spending meaningful time with youth can positively change their future!, Young people who volunteer or engage in community service lead the way to #GreatFutures! They are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to drop out than their peers who do not serve., Out of 4 million youth, 6 representatives were chosen for their commitment to excellence and 1 will become our National Youth of the Year & Teen Spokesperson. Will it be our SE YOY Maryah Sullivan? A member of Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Florida for 11 years, Maryah is a high school senior and the first member of her family to be accepted into college, where she aspires to become a neurosurgeon. Learn more about Maryah and meet the rest of the #2014YOY finalists. We can't wait to see what their #GreatFutures hold! http://bgc.am/AZ6OE, Happy Labor Day!  Family, friends, fun --- and  relaxation are all necessary for #GreatFutures. We hope that your Labor Day is filled with each of these., Double your dollars for #GreatFutures before it's too late! Every dollar donated will be matched up to $1 MILLION. To make your donation, visit http://bgc.am/ASmGF., We are so excited to announce #TDs4Teens with Taco Bell Foundation for Teens Celeb Ambassador Reggie Bush! For each TD scored this season, a donation will be made to BGCA & #GreatFutures!, Thanks to Mattel's #ShareThePlay, Club kids are having even more fun on the path to #GreatFutures! For every online order placed on MattelShop.com or Fisher-PriceStore.com through the end of the year, Mattel will donate a toy to Boys & Girls Club of America. That means up to 250,000 toys will be distributed to Clubs nationwide! Learn more: http://bgc.am/zSbZe, Come on, let's get moving! Check out these fun after-school activities. Healthy choices lead to #GreatFutures!, Can you believe it?! We've opened 582,032 doors for #GreatFutures. Let's keep opening the door at GreatFutures.org!, Voting is open for the Maytag Dependable Leader Award! Meet the five finalists, hear their stories and cast your vote to help one of these Club members win $50,000 in scholarships. , NBA Star Dwight Howard helped kids at The Salvation Army Boys & Girls Club of Greater Atlanta - Fuqua Unit kick off the school year right by delivering 200 book bags stuffed with school supplies and #GreatFutures!, It's 3:00 p.m. and Club kids across America are achieving #GreatFutures every day! Watch highlights in this video., This back-to-school season help your kids stay organized to keep them on the path to #GreatFutures and ensure their success!, #FlashForwardFriday to 2018 when 70% of Club seniors will be college bound. Hats off to all those #GreatFutures!, #TBT to our #GreatFutures event in Times Square NYC! How many of you followed along that as we Opened the Door for America's kids?, Only a few weeks left in our #GreatFutures donation match! Donate through Sept. 15th and every dollar will be matched up to $1 MILLION. www.greatfutures.org , ICYMI Boys & Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee member Quintavious received a standing ovation from all four judges after his America's Got Talent performance last night. Watch it below and cast your vote before 12pm EST today! http://bit.ly/1k6jDU4, It's 3:00 p.m., and BGCA staff are making a positive impact on Club kids every day. Watch this #GreatFutures video to get a behind-the-scenes look!, Meet Eddie. Through the DIY #STEM program at Boys & Girls Club of Paterson and Passaic, he had the opportunity to make light bulbs and attend the White House Science Fair. In fact, the program was so inspiring that Eddie wants to continue studying science when he attends college. Learn more about Eddie's story and how BGCA's partnership with TWC's Connect a Million Minds initiative is inspiring the next generation of problem solvers at Clubs across the country. http://bgc.am/AsBfk, Getting back in the homework routine can be stressful for kids. Just being available to answer their homework questions can help ease anxiety and lead to #GreatFutures!, We’re proud to partner with Save Mart and Save Mart customers to help raise funds for local Boys & Girls Clubs! California and Nevada residents can donate in-store at participating locations to support #GreatFutures for America’s youth., Today is the last stop on the #TriplePlayTour! We’re excited to see the Club #KidsInMotion at Jesse Draper Boys & Girls Club and celebrate exceeding our goal of 1 million minutes in motion! How many minutes will we add today? Visit http://www.bgca.org/tripleplay to see our progress. , #FlashForwardFriday! It's 2018, and we've served over 500 million healthy meals and snacks to America's youth. Stay fueled up on the path to #GreatFutures!, It's 3:00 pm. Nevaeh loves dancing! Take a peek at this Club kid's #GreatFutures story!, Have you donated to #GreatFutures? If not, you should know that every $1 donated is matched up to $1 MILLION! Think about all those #GreatFutures for America's youth. , We've opened 75,419 doors to #GreatFutures. Help us reach our goal of 15M actions by opening the door at GreatFutures.org today!, It's back-to-school time, and New Balance is helping kids make the move to #GreatFutures this school-year! From now until August 31st, when you buy a pair of kids shoes from NewBalance.com or New Balance stores, they will donate 30% of the sale price to Boys & Girls Club of America in the form of new shoes. , Old Navy's back-to-school anthem 'Unlimited' inspires kids to dream big and make this school year the best yet! Plus, proceeds from iTunes downloads of the song will support #GreatFutures for America's youth. #BeUnlimited , #FlashForwardFriday: It's 2018 and we've reached our goal of 4 billion hours of physical activity completed by Club youth! That's a lot of healthy #GreatFutures!, Back-to-school is the perfect time to set #GreatFutures goals with your kids! Visit www.GreatFutures.org for inspiration., Congratulations to #BGCAlum & National #YOY ambassador Misty Copeland on the success of her recent Under Armour ad! Watch this Good Morning America video to go-behind-the-scenes and learn more about her inspiring story. Visit BGCAlum.org to find out how you can share your own #BGCAlum story! http://abcn.ws/1pAZi8Z , Join the #GreatFutures Challenge! Now through Sept. 15th your donation for #GreatFutures will be matched dollar-for-dollar up to $1 MILLION, thanks to a generous gift from our Founding Great Futures Philanthropists, Timbaland & #BGCAlum Monique Mosley and Always Believing Foundation! Visit www.GreatFutures.org and Open the Door for America’s kids today! Every dollar makes a difference., It was tee time for #GreatFutures on Tuesday when youth from Boys & Girls Clubs of Kentuckiana visited the 2014 PGA Championship at Valhalla Golf Club in Louisville, KY! During their visit, these kids had the chance to be on-set for a live-filming of  “The Golf Fix,” a Golf Channel show that's broadcast across the world. Check out these pictures!, When going back to school gets stressful, feed your brain with healthy food choices. That's how we stay on the path to #GreatFutures. What are your favorite, healthy after-school snacks?, With help from AT&T & #ATTAspire employee mentors, we're extending dropout prevention programs, increasing high school readiness and helping even more Club kids achieve #GreatFutures! , It's 3:00 pm. When school's out, Clubs are in!  Our Club teen, Mays, has his guitar in hand! Inspiration and support from Club peers and staff help him create music. Watch and share his #GreatFutures video! , Want to get a teen perspective on last week's #GreatFutures launch in Times Square NYC? Check out this article from #MCML Teen Reporters Destiny & Justin of Boys & Girls Club of the Wisconsin Rapids Area. , Mattel invites you to #ShareThePlay! For every online order placed on MattelShop.com or Fisher-PriceStore.com through the end of the year, Mattel will donate a toy to the Boys & Girls Club of America. That means up to 250,000 toys will be distributed to Clubs nationwide! #GreatFutures http://bgc.am/zSbZe, Every afternoon is a chance to change America's Future. Help Boys & Girls Clubs of America Open the Door for #GreatFutures for America's youth. Visit   www.GreatFutures.org., That's a wrap! We had a GREAT day Opening the Door for America's Kids. You can continue to help us by visiting www.GreatFutures.org, It's 3:00 p.m. and #BGCalum Ne-Yo  stopped by to make a special performance! Share this #GreatFutures pic to Open the Door for America's Kids!, We're kicking off our #GreatFutures campaign in a big way! Stay tuned and help us count down to 3:00 p.m., Join us at 3:00 p.m. as we open the door for America's kids! #GreatFutures

Here we go..., What a morning! We've been spreading the word about #GreatFutures and how to get involved. Plus, we attempted a Guinness World Records on Good Morning America! Did you tune in?, Want to hear about the #GreatFutures launch from a teen perspective? Teen Reporters Destiny & Justin are taking over the Keystone channels for the next three days. Get their take on the campaign excitement on Facebook, Twitter (@KeystoneBGCA) and Instagram (@keystonebgca)!  , NYC here we come! Follow along on Facebook as we kick off our #GreatFutures campaign tomorrow., By day River Scott is an active member of @Boys Boys & Girls Clubs of South Central Texas, but behind the mic he's MC Rio and a finalist in the #AfterSchoolAwards! Check out his song "Number 2 Pencil" and vote for MC Rio! http://bgc.am/zIODw, Old Navy is raising $1M to support BGCA! In-store donations are matched up to $500K through 8/13. Join Old Navy and help Open the Door to #GreatFutures for America’s youth., The votes are in and Shakira, Reign, Denise, Daisy & Angela of Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix and Boys & Girls Club of Carson are our winners in the UPS #RoadCode PSA Challenge! Congratulations to these safe-driving teens, their Keystone Clubs & all of our participants! , Attention fans, we're opening the door for America's kids! Every $1 donated will be matched up to $1M starting on 7/31. Learn more at www.greatfutures.org., When #BGCAlum Dwayne The Rock Johnson hosted a sneak preview of his new movie “Hercules” at the Boys & Girls Club of Harlem, he also took time to answer a few questions from Teen Reporter Joshua L. Watch the interview on myclubmylife.com!, Tae M. from Boys & Girls Clubs of South Puget Sound is the Pacific #2014YOY! As a member of the Tacoma School Districts All-City Senate and a student voice for the Harassment Intimidation and Bullying Committee of Tacoma Public Schools, Tae has been an advocate for change in her community. Congratulations on this achievement and great work, Tae!, Welcome back to #FlashForwardFriday! Picture this: it's 2018 and 1.2 million Club teens volunteer 6 million hours. 

What kind of economic IMPACT do you think that could have in YOUR community?, Have you cast your vote in the UPS #RoadCode PSA Challenge? Tomorrow (7/25) is the last day! Don't miss your chance to help one deserving group of teens win $1,000 for their #Keystone Club and more! http://bit.ly/1yUDoCz, Want to help Old Navy reach their $1M fundraising goal for BGCA? In-store customer donations are matched up to $500,000. Join Old Navy and support #GreatFutures for America's youth!, It's 3:00 PM and over 15 million kids have no safe place to go after school. That's a LOT of kids with no guidance or supervision. We want to change that and need YOUR help! Check back on Monday and join our #GreatFutures campaign., Club teens from across the country recently visited LA for the Digital Arts Festivals and ImageMakers National Photography Competition Winners’ Trip. The national teen winners received a VIP experience where they toured Universal, Cartoon Network and Warner Bros Studios, were treated to an awards gala at the Globe Theatre, learned from top industry pros and even met #BGCAlum Mario Lopez! Huge thanks to our sponsors Comcast, NBCUniversal, Sony Electronics and Cartoon Network for such an incredible experience! Check out these pictures! #BGCArts, We're gearin' up for the launch of our #GreatFutures campaign, and we need YOU to join us in opening the door for America's kids! Stop by our Facebook page on Monday (7/28) to learn how you can help., As a result of teen driving accidents, "5,000 teens will not be able to go to prom. They won't be able to graduate. They won't be able to experience life." That's why Jessica, Alexandra, Juliette, Brianna & Aiyana of Boys & Girls Club of Los Angeles Harbor, Boys & Girls Club of Carson, Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco, Northtowns Boys & Girls Clubs and Boys & Girls Clubs of Southeastern Michigan are driving change for teen-driving behavior in the UPS #RoadCode PSA Challenge. Watch their video, along with others, and vote for your favorite! http://bit.ly/1yUDoCz, Club teens from across the country recently visited LA for the Digital Arts Festivals and ImageMakers National Photography Competition Winners’ Trip. The national teen winners received a VIP experience where they toured Universal, Cartoon Network and Warner Bros Studios, were treated to an awards gala at the Globe Theatre, learned from top industry pros and even met #BGCAlum Mario Lopez! Huge thanks to our sponsors Comcast, NBCUniversal, Sony Electronics and Cartoon Network for such an incredible experience! Check out these pictures! #BGCArts, It's #FlashForwardFriday! Today we're taking you to 2018 when Clubs will help 1.4 MILLION teens stay on track to graduate high school. Sounds like a lot of #GreatFutures to us!, Lane, Desiree & Claudia of Boys & Girls Club of Carson and Pueblo of Pojoaque Boys & Girls Club learned safe-driving techniques through their Clubs' Road Code programs. Now, they're sharing their knowledge in this 15-second PSA to help drive change in teen-driving behavior! Watch this video, along with others, & cast your vote in the #RoadCode PSA Challenge! http://bit.ly/1o9TWAG   , Old Navy is raising $1M for #GreatFutures for America’s youth! In-store customer donations will be matched up to $500,000. Join Old Navy & support #BGCA!, The #ASG celebration was an exciting time for BGCA, both on and off the diamond! Thanks to help from MLB, the Minnesota Twins and the Pohlad family, the renovated activity room at the Jerry Gamble Boys & Girls Club was unveiledthis week. MLB Commissioner Bud Selig was even on-hand to help Boys & Girls Clubs of the Twin Cities introduce the updated space. Check out these pics!, The #TriplePlayTour is traveling cross-country to get Club #KidsInMotion and reach a goal of 1 million minutes of exercise to support healthy lifestyles! Read BGCA president & CEO Jim Clark's latest blog to learn more about the Tour and for tips to get your family in motion. http://ow.ly/zeBqq , We've had a blast during the MLB #ASG festivities in Minneapolis, and now it's almost time for the main event! Be sure to tune in TONIGHT at 7:30pm ET to watch our #YOY Kiana Knolland deliver the first pitch to the mound and to cheer on the best players in the game!, Can you believe it?! Back-to-school is right around the corner, and we're here to help. When school's out, Clubs are in! We will be bringing you tips to make your back-to-school transition a GREAT one!, Rosemary, Sherion, Alexia and Isaac of Boys & Girls Club of Carson and Boys & Girls Clubs of King County remind us that "Nearly 5,000 teens die each year due to car accidents with distractions." Find out their suggestions for driving change in teen driving behaviors & view all of our #RoadCode PSA finalists! Don't forget to vote for your favorite PSA before July 25! http://bit.ly/1sKxbsm     , From Olympic job-shadowing opportunities to wheelchair basketball, team handball and more, Club teens from across the country are having a great time reinforcing their commitment to leadership and healthy lifestyles at the 2014 Triple Play Leadership Summit at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado. Check back for even more pictures from this exciting weekend event! #TriplePlaySummit, Getting ready to watch the 2014 #WorldCup final?  #MCML Teen Reporter John H., tells what it's like to be in the middle of the action. John had the opportunity to serve as a U.S. flag-bearer, along with fellow Club member Albert, when the United States faced Germany! Get all of the details in this myclubmylife.com article. , Our Triple Play Ambassadors Ebony S., Joshua L. and Madi O. are spreading the word about healthy lifestyles in Clubs and across the country. This weekend, we're thrilled to have them take part in the #TriplePlaySummit in Colorado Springs, Co.  Get to know them on myclubmylife.com. #MCML, "Don't text and drive. Live to arrive!" Great advice from Shakira, Reign, Denise, Daisy & Angela of Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix and Boys & Girls Club of Carson. Watch this 15-second #RoadCode PSA, as well as those from our other finalists, and cast your vote for your favorite! http://bit.ly/1pHjF38, The #TriplePlaySummit begins this weekend, and we can’t wait! Teen Ambassador and Boys and Girls Club of Steamboat Springs member Madi O.  gives us an idea of what to expect in this myclubmylife.com story. #MCML, Help us #PickRick! Tweet using #PickRick today until 4pm EDT to cast your vote for Detroit Tigers No. 21 Rick Porcello in the MLB Final Vote ballot. For every tweet, Rick will donate 21¢ to two Detroit-area Boys & Girls Clubs. That means you’re not only voting a BGCA supporter into the All-Star game – you’re helping put up to $21,000 towards more #GreatFutures for Detroit kids! Now, show us that hashtag!, The Triple Play Million Minutes in Motion Mobile Tour is making its way around the country this summer! We’re excited to team up with The Coca-Cola Company and WellPoint Foundation for a 20-city tour to promote healthy lifestyles and get our Club #KidsinMotion. Stay tuned for photos and follow the  #TriplePlayTtour’s progress at www.tripleplaytour.com., Keystone members from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale and Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Concord accepted the UPS #RoadCode PSA Challenge! Check out their safe-driving tips for teens, watch other PSA finalists & vote for your favorite. Watch for more Road Code video highlights! http://shout.lt/wRwq , The deadline to apply for a Summer of Service Award is quickly approaching! Help kids leading volunteer and service projects continue making a lasting, positive change in the world with a $1,000 Summer of Service Award. Youth ages 5-18 in ABC-affiliate communities are eligible to apply before July 31. Get all of the details below! http://shout.lt/v3D7, Wishing everyone, especially our Clubs, youth and Movement supporters, a safe, happy and relaxing Fourth of July!, Keystone Club members are driving change for teen driving behaviors in the UPS #RoadCode PSA Challenge! Watch these 15-second PSAs, created by Keystone teens, to learn safe-driving tips & advice. Vote for your favorite to help one group & their Keystone Club win! http://shout.lt/wG01, Based on their commitment to challenging themselves and achieving their goals, several Boys & Girls Club volunteers received Congressional Award Gold Medals, the highest honor for American youth, at the 2014 Congressional Award Dinner in Washington, D.C. Check out BGCA President & CEO Jim Clark’s account of the event and congratulatory post! http://shout.lt/wFFP , Along with BGCA's Military Services, Toy Industry Foundation gifted hundreds of children and their families living at the U.S. Coast Guard Training Center in Petaluma, CA with brand new toys and games during the recent "Day of Play." In addition to games, puzzles and stuffed animals, the fun-filled day included a live DJ, magic show, arts & crafts and more., #InternetSafety Month may be coming to a close, but our CyberTribe still has great advice to keep your family #CyberSafe year-round! Check out Jonavin's tips for safeguarding kids' activity on gaming consoles, as well as suggestions for keeping communication lines open between parents and teens on social media. http://shout.lt/wwws, Atlanta teens got in on the graduation celebration excitement last week! With the help of Taco Bell & Atlanta Hawks player Lou williams, more than 100 teens came together making the pledge to graduate and celebrating an incredible milestone for class of 2014! Check out photos from the event. #Grad4Mas, CyberTribe member Zhane breaks down privacy settings for youth and adults, offers three solid tips that everyone should know about online privacy and discusses password protection. You asked. The CyberTribe answered. Get more #CyberSafe advice & submit your questions! http://shout.lt/wpRX, Thanks to our partner The Coca-Cola Company, Club kids John and Albert, along with their advisor Cody Bowen from Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Oxnard and Port Hueneme will be watching the United States Men’s National Soccer Team take on Germany today in Brazil. Go USA!, Club teens from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Oxnard and Port Hueneme are Brazil-bound! John and Albert, along with their advisor Cody, were chosen for an expenses-paid trip to the #WorldCup to serve as official flag bearers for the United States when the team faces Germany tomorrow (6/26)! Check out these teens' exciting story on myclubmylife.com. http://shout.lt/wlb7, #InternetSafetyMonth is coming to a close, and time is running out to ask the CyberTribe your questions on cyber safety and register for a chance to win an #iPadMini! Learn more about our teen cyber experts and find great ways to keep your family #CyberSafe. , At the 2014 Southeast Youth of the Year Great Futures Celebration, BGCA honored Cox Communications with the prestigious Champion Of Youth Award. Additionally, Maryah S., Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Florida, was named 2014-2015 Southeast #YOY, and Brendan K., Robins Air Force Base Youth Center, was named Southeast Military #YOY. Check out the photos from this incredible evening., We love to see #STEM in action! Check out these photos from the Connect a Million Minds Family Night in Brooklyn to celebrate youth at Madison Square Boys & Girls Club completing the #DIYSTEMProgram., Whether in-school or out-of-school, great teachers inspiring #GreatFutures deserve a shout-out! Major League Baseball is recognizing all-star teachers in your community with a chance to attend the 2014 All-Star game. Vote your favorite #MyAllStarTeacher today! http://shout.lt/wcl9
, Created by teens & for teens, the myclubmylife.com Internet Safety Month Poll, let's teen weighs in on texting & driving, cyberbullying and more! Encourage the teens in your life to give their input & let's work together for #CyberSafe futures! http://shout.lt/wb3R, Meet #MCML CyberTribe members Jac'Queis G. of Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee & Maria M. of Wakeman Boys & Girls Club! They created the thought-provoking Internet Safety Month Poll 2014 for teens on myclubmylife.com. These two outstanding Club teens really know their stuff when it comes to online behavior. #CyberSafe http://shout.lt/v8gS, Clubs continue to celebrate grad season in a BIG way thanks to Taco Bell Foundation for Teens! Thanks also to actor Mack Wilds & the Cleveland Cavaliers' Tristan Thompson for celebrating along with us! Check out amazing photos from this week’s Graduate for Mas Celebration. #grad4mas, It’s Summer Learning Day, and Clubs across the country – like Boys & Girls Clubs of the Tennessee Valley – are closing the achievement gap with our Summer Brain Gain program! Find out how this project-based, FUN program is preventing #SummerLearning loss and helping kids stay on track for high school graduation. Get all of the Summer Brain Gain details & read the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Tennessee Valley’s success story! http://bgc.am/t9j5 #SLD2014, Are you a Cyber Survivor? Take our quick quiz & test your cybersafety skills. Don't forget to check out our parent resources to keep your family #CyberSafe! http://bgc.am/vtzs, It's time for the 2014 Southeast Youth of the Year Great Futures Celebration! Tonight in Atlanta, we're thrilled to present Cox Communications with the Champion of Youth Award for their continued to commitment to addressing and preventing the Digital Divide in Clubs and communities. Find more information below! http://bgc.am/v481 , Know kids leading volunteer and service projects? They may be eligible for a Summer of Service Award--a $1,000 award to help them continue making a lasting, positive change in the world! Kids ages 5-18 in ABC-affiliate communities are eligible to apply before July 31. Get all of the details below! , #ZACCamp is making a huge splash at Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Florida! This week, more than 100 kids are hitting the pool for swimming and safety lessons with The ZAC Foundation. Check out these photos from the opening ceremony!, How do teens feel about parents checking their phones and social media accounts? And, what about Skype---is it safe for kids? Our CyberTribe answers these questions and more! #CyberSafe http://bgc.am/v0rm, Kids at Boys & Girls Club of Greater Baton Rouge recently got to meet and participate in a fun Triple Play activity led by gold medal gymnast Dominique Dawes! Thanks to a local winner of the #GoldMedalMom sweepstakes, hosted by Family Dollar and Coca-Cola, the Club also received a $5,000 donation. Check out pictures from this exciting event!, What’s it like to meet President Obama? Find out from The Children's Aid Society in New York - Dunlevy Milbank Boys & Girls Club member Jayda C., whose interest in #STEM earned her an invitation to the White House Science Fair. She wrote about her trip for MyClubMyLife.com. http://shout.lt/vXhb, When asked what Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Dallas - William Prep Branch means to her, 2014 Southwest Youth of Year Cecilia G. responded, “The Club has given me opportunity, support and hope that the beaten cannot be broken.” Please join us in congratulating Cecilia on this achievement. She is a truly inspiring teen, and we’re thrilled to see all that her Great Future holds!, Teens across the country are celebrating graduation and what better way to welcome summer than a grad rally with 200 of your closest friends! With the help of Taco Bell & Keke Palmer, teens in Santa Ana recently celebrated making the pledge to graduate and the Class of 2014's incredible milestone on their journey to #GreatFutures! Check out photos from the event., Increase your Internet Safety IQ! Ask our CyberTribe of teen experts your toughest cyber safety questions & enter for a chance to win an iPad Mini and $500 to the local Boys & Girls Club of your choice. http://bgc.am/vRSK #CyberSafe, We’re thankful for the #ATTImpact that we see in Clubs daily and, last night, we were thrilled to honor our partner AT&T for their continued support of America’s youth at the 2014 #GreatFutures Chairman’s Dinner. Plus, Cecilia G. was named the 2014 Southwest Region Youth of the Year. Lots of #BGCA excitement in Dallas last night! Congrats to all!, Congrats to Boys & Girls Club of Fitchburg and Leominster for winning this year’s “Science of Sports” fair, which is part of the Raytheon MathMovesU program, for their work studying traction on prosthetic legs. Keep up the great work in #STEM!, Teen Reporter Caitlyn of Boys & Girls Club of Greater Nashua gives helpful advice to teens looking for summer jobs! Read the full story on #MyClubMyLife. http://bgc.am/vKCD, At Boys & Girls Clubs across the country, we offer programs that provide youth with opportunities for career exploration and educational enhancement, inspiring their futures. Edward Lewis, CEO and publisher of Essence and long-time BGCA supporter, talks about his path to a #GreatFuture in the new book The Man from Essence. Lewis shares his inspiring story of rising from humble South Bronx beginnings to media titan and publisher of a magazine that has transformed the lives of millions of black American women and altered the American marketplace. Find out more: http://bgc.am/vH2d, You asked, the CyberTribe answered! Our teen experts provide solid answers to real parents' questions on cybersafety. Read their #CyberSafe advice and submit your own questions! http://bgc.am/vFJp, It was a great night for #GreatFutures! At the 2014 Great Futures Gala, MLB, Brian McKnight, Ken Griffey, Jr., BGCA National Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland & youth from Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club choir helped honor those committed to youth success, including Baseball Commissioner Allan H. (Bud) Selig who received the prestigious Chairman’s Award., These superstar kids from the Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Florida Tupperware Brands Branch were featured on the hit Telemundo show La Voz Kids! Such a great segment that we had to share! El #granfuturo de estos niños suena como música a los oídos!, Time is running out! Vote for BGCA in the One+All campaign & Banana Republic will donate up to $500,000 to help support #GreatFutures for America’s youth. Voting ends Sunday (6/8), so choose BGCA today! brstyl.es/1g1EuGB, Sunny skies and balmy temperatures mean that it’s time to relax near a pool, lake or beach. The Michael Phelps Foundation wants everyone to remember the 4 B's as we head into summer fun! Happy Swimming!, Are you a CyberSmart parent or could you use a few #CyberSafe tips? Take the quiz & find out! http://bgc.am/vtzs, BGCA Honors Ninth Commissioner of Baseball Allan H. (Bud) Selig with Chairman’s Award at Northeast Gala tonight. Star athlete Ken Griffey Jr. and R&B legend Brian McKnight will also be on-hand to help raise funds to support even more #GreatFutures for America's youth! http://shout.lt/vpt4, In addition to answering parents' cybersafety questions, CyberTribe members Maria M. of Wakeman Boys & Girls Club and Jac’Queis G. of Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee also created a thought-provoking poll for #InternetSafetyMonth! Teens can answer questions on cyberbullying, texting & driving, selfies and other #cybersafe behaviors. http://bgc.am/vqjn, Over the weekend, tragedy claimed the lives of seven people, including longtime BGC supporter Lewis Katz. We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of our great friend and colleague. Lew was a true humanitarian who cared deeply about kids, and gave so much to so many, including to Boys & Girls Clubs across the country through his active service on the Board of Governors. He founded the Boys & Girls Clubs in his beloved hometown of Camden, NJ and was a key catalyst in the current efforts to fortify the Boys & Girls Club of Atlantic City. Our heartfelt condolences go out to the families and friends of those lost., null, As #WaterSafety Month comes to a close, The ZAC Foundation offers their final tip in the ABC & Ds of water safety: "D" is for drains! Always stay away from pool & spa drains. Use the tips below (and more!) from The Zac Foundation to keep your family safe in and around water. http://www.thezacfoundation.com/, #Fact: During summer, most youth lose about two months’ worth of math skills, and low-income youth lose more than two months’ worth of reading skills.  With support from Disney & Staples, we’re closing the achievement gap with the Summer Brain Gain program to keep kids on track for graduation and #GreatFutures. Find out more. http://bgc.am/t9j5, From online privacy settings to cyberbullying & everything in between, do you have cyber-safety questions? Our CyberTribe of teen experts is here to help! To celebrate Internet Safety Month in June & through our partnership with Sprint, we're educating parents on key cyber topics. Submit your questions now to keep your family #CyberSafe! http://ow.ly/xp8Dj, "Don't Call Them Dropouts!" Citing a recent study that sheds light on the fact that many students who don't complete high school leave due to pressing personal, financial and family issues, BGCA President and CEO Jim Clark urges each of us to lend a helping hand to keep teens on track for graduation and #GreatFutures. Read his latest blog.  , Thank you Time Warner Cable for inviting Jayda of The Children's Aid Society in New York—Dunlevy Milbank Boys & Girls Club—and Eddie of Boys and Girls Club of Paterson and Passaic to attend today’s White House Science Fair through the Connect a #MillionMinds initiative! Jayda & Eddie participate in the DIY #STEM program, supported by Time Warner Cable. Over the past few weeks, they have learned to make light bulbs, rockets and rock candy! Keep up the great work, Jayda & Eddie!, Banana Republic is improving local communities by donating funds to great organizations, including ours! Cast your vote for BGCA & help drive funds to support #GreatFutures for America’s youth. It only takes a second to vote! Click here http://brstyl.es/1g1EuGB #truestyle, As you enjoy the unofficial start of summer, take time to remember those who have given the ultimate sacrifice serving our country. Read this moving story from a military Club Teen Reporter who reminds us of the true meaning of #MemorialDay. #MCMLMonday http://www.myclubmylife.com/Recreation/Pages/a-true-memorial-day.aspx, Charles Schwab employees donated their time & talent to local BGCs across the country as part of the company's Volunteer Week! We're so grateful for all of the ways that they support #GreatFutures for America's youth., The Monster Kids showed youth from Boys and Girls Club of West San Gabriel Valley some smooth dance moves and shared some inspirational messages! Check out these awesome photos to inspire your next dance party!    , During his recent visit to Clubs in Wyoming and Colorado, #BGCA President & CEO Jim Clark took part in the Back-A-Kid breakfast, hosted a Town Hall Meeting and even hit a BMX dirt bike course! Read all about this trip out West in his latest blog. , Great ideas from our partner The ZAC Foundation! Are you signed up for #watersafety classes this summer?     , myclubmylife.com Teen Reporters find out how Club experiences shaped the lives of this year's Alumni Hall of Fame inductees. Check out interviews with Tony La Russa, Alexei Filippenko, Dr. Judith Zaffirini and more! #MCMLMonday http://www.myclubmylife.com/In_The_Club/Pages/video-more-alumni-hall-of-fame.aspx, These kids from Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Charlotte got to hang out with Danica Patrick! Check out the pictures! , In this touching and inspiring blog for The Huffington Post, National #YOY Kiana Knolland celebrates all of the encouragement, support and love that her mom--and moms everywhere--give to their children each day to help them succeed! #MothersDayEveryday , “If every Club member donated just one hour of their time, it could equal a tremendous impact for local communities as well as the nation as a whole,” Jim Clark, BGCA President and CEO. Partnering with Citi Foundation, we're challenging Clubs to engage 1 million members in at least one hour of service in a single year for the Million Members, Million Hours of Service initiative. Join us and let's show the difference that just #1hourequals! http://www.bgca.org/mmmhs/Pages/default.aspx, Safety in action! Kids from the Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence learn the ABC and Ds of Water Safety at #ZACCamp! #WaterSafetyMonth 
, Check out BGCA President & CEO Jim Clark's latest blog! Inspired by National Keystone Conference, he catches up with Boys & Girls Club of Whittier's 2012 #YOY Itzel Rodriguez and reflects on the importance of Clubs addressing teen needs! Read the full story below. #TeensTakeAction, It's #MCMLMonday! Has your Club registered to host a 2014 Olympic Day? Registered Clubs have a chance to win a free trip to the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs! How cool is that?! Find the details on myclubmylife.com.
, Happy Mother's Day! We are endlessly inspired by the support and guidance that moms---like Sue Trnka, winner of America's Most Inspirational Mom Search---provide everyday to help their families and America's youth achieve #GreatFutures. Enjoy your day, Mom! http://youtu.be/l9WNo3XWnfk, ICYMI: Youth at Boys & Girls Club of Burbank and Greater East Valley got an AMAZING surprise from The Amazing Spider-Man 2 star Andrew Garfield! Watch now! http://youtu.be/DT7LrajXoAs , It's National Water Safety Month! With temperatures climbing and summer vacation just around the corner, now is a great time to make sure that your family stays safe in and around water! Check out the ABC and Ds of #WaterSafety--and other great resources!--from The ZAC Foundation. http://www.thezacfoundation.com/water-safety/kids/#abcd, We spy the BGCA logo on the No. 10 GoDaddy Cares car, driven by Danica Patrick! Vote DANICA for the Sprint All-Star Race at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 17th and see our logo featured on the car! http://www.nascar.com/SprintFanVote #GreatFutures #GoDaddy, In 2013, SurveyMonkey donated over $200,000 to help kids thanks to folks taking surveys. You can help too! Click the link below to donate! http://ow.ly/wAAvA, It's #TeenReporterTuesday! Desiree G. of Pueblo of Pojoaque Boys & Girls Club caught up with the 2014 BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame Inductees--including Nick Cannon & Victor Cruz!--during #BGCconf. 
Check out all of these great interviews on myclubmylife.com. , Thanks to a national partnership with Aaron's Inc. Foundation, we’re empowering Keystone teens to effect positive change in their Clubs and communities through service projects and leadership! First up, a lap around the #STEM elements that go into NASCAR. Check out the pics!, #Didyouknow it's Teacher Appreciation Week? There's ONE DAY LEFT to show your favorite teacher--including BGC staff members & mentors!--how much they mean to you by nominating them for recognition as an All-Star Teacher at the MLB All-Star Game! Nominations end tomorrow (5/6), so submit your pick TODAY! #MyAllStarTeacher http://mlb.mlb.com/allstar-teachers/, When it comes to inspiration and dedication to student success, do you know a teacher who knocks it out of the park? Nominate this classroom all-star for a chance to be honored at the 2014 MLB All-Star Game! Hurry! Nominations end on 5/6. #MyAllStarTeacher , It's time to wrap up another incredible #BGCconf! Thank you to everyone who attended, presented & followed along with us online. Your incredible energy and enthusiasm for #GreatFutures made the 108th National Conference a truly unforgettable experience! Now, who is already planning for 2015?!, Whew! In a whirlwind 3 days, local Boys & Girls Clubs from across the nation and all over the globe came together in San Francisco for the 108th National Conference. There was more friend-making and hand-shaking, hands-on-learning and inspiration-recharging than we thought was possible in 72 hours. Here's just a glimpse of what went down at this year's #BGCConf., Club professionals aren't the only ones taking part in #BGCconf! These awesome young people from Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco created some amazing art onsite. From printmaking to live-model drawings, stop motion animation and more, each project was nothing short of outstanding!, We're starting each morning at #BGCconf with invigorating walks and group workous! What are your favorite exercises to begin your day? Check out the video below for inspiration!, Another inspiring day at #BGCconf! Today was filled with incredible #STEM discussions, Club recognition awards, powerful moments from our YOYs, innovate ideas on sports and social justice, and so much more. Check out the Conference highlights using the link below! , Missed Pacific Region YOY Yossy Rojas receiving his Heroes for Change award on the 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards? You're in luck! An encore of the #RDMAs airs tonight (5/2) at 8pm EST/5pm PST., Great discussions at the #STEM #GreatThink with the 2013 BGCA Northeast Youth of the Year Martha Olang, Honorable Chaka Fattah, Jeff Henley of Oracle, Babette Allina of RISD, Robbie Bach formerly of Microsoft, Pat McCarthy of ExxonMobil Foundation, Michael Nettles of ETS and Dr. Damon Williams of BGCA., Exciting events planned for Day 2 at #BGCconf. We'll be reimagining technology and getting insights into the lives of teens. We are always learning new ways to support Gateways to #GreatFutures., BGCA is excited to host the #STEM #GreatThink to explore out-of-school time innovation and creativity to advance #STEM education for underrepresented youth!, From learning inspiring new phrases like "#hopepushers" to reimagining education, recognizing the value of play, building safety cultures, and celebrating our 2014 Alumni Hall of Fame inductees, the first day of the 108th National #BGCconf has been nothing short of amazing. We can't wait for the excitement that Day 2 certainly holds!, We're kicking off our 108th National Conference with an inspiring keynote address from Brilliance Institute Founder Simon T. Bailey, followed by sessions featuring Salman Khan of the Khan Academy and BGCA President and CEO Jim Clark. Stay connected with all of the Conference action using #BGCconf and check out the Conference schedule using the link below! http://ow.ly/wffnz, null, Whew! In a whirlwind 3 days, local Boys & Girls Clubs from across the nation and all over the globe came together in San Francisco for the 108th National Conference. There was more friend-making and hand-shaking, hands-on-learning and inspiration-recharging than we thought was possible in 72 hours. Here's just a glimpse of what went down at this year's #BGCConf., Fore! Tune in this Sat. (5/3) at 2pm EST to watch Journei Daniels from Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Flint on the CBS Sports Special “Beyond the Green.” Thanks to the PGA Sports Academy program, many Club members--just like Journei--are teeing up for #GreatFutures! , #FinancialLiteracyMonth is almost over! Before we "rap" the month, check out  these finance-inspired songs--written, produced and performed by #BGC teens! Special thanks to Charles Schwab Foundation for making the #M4 album possible & for their continued support of the Money Matters program! http://bgca.org/m4/Pages/m4.aspx, ICYMI: Pacific Region YOY Yossy Rojas recently received a Heroes for Change Award during the 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards! Don't miss out again. Watch Yossy accept this honor on Friday (5/2) at 8pm EST during the #RDMAs Encore presentation! , Congratulations to the winners of the myclubmylife.com Caption This Contest! These teens created some amazing media safety slogans to teach peers about texting and driving, cyberbullying and cyber reputation management. http://ow.ly/wf3Ls, With support from University of Phoenix, we're bridging success between school and home to help families achieve #GreatFutures! Watch Most Inspirational Mom Sue Trnka's success story. http://shout.lt/sKSk, These former Club kids "mustache" you a question on this #TBT: What is your favorite way to support #GreatFutures for America's youth?, “The bottom line is that it's never too early to think like an entrepreneur, to manage your money and to get on a path to fiscal responsibility.” Great advice from the 2013 National Money Matters Ambassador Austin McHenry in his recent blog for The Huffington Post! Read the full blog for more great tips!  #FinancialLiteracyMonth, How are you celebrating #EarthDay? As members of Team Energy Star, many Club kids across the country are learning to save energy and other simple daily activities that they can perform to improve the world around them! Find out more about Team ENERGY STAR and how you can join using the link below. , “The easiest answer for people to tell you is, ‘No.’ Your job is to turn that ‘No' into a ‘Yes.’” Inspirational words from singer and #BGCAlum Bobby V. for #MCMLMonday! Recently, Teen Reporters Ryan W. and Amber H. had the chance to speak with Bobby V. at the National Keystone Conference. Check out what else he had to say about education, success and the importance of pursuing your dreams in the video interview below. #TeensTakeAction , Meet the 2014 Triple Play Youth Ambassadors---Madi, Ebony and Josh! We are thrilled to have these teens promote and share their passion for healthy lifestyles with other Club members and their communities. Thank you to all of the Clubs for their nominations and to the teens who submitted their Triple Play stories. We were inspired by each one. Check out the 2014 Triple Play Youth Ambassadors’ videos at the link below and get to know them a little better., Last week, 1,500 teens and advisors attended the 2014 National Keystone Conference in Anaheim. For three days, these incredible teens from the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program participated in a variety of events, including college visits and service projects, while also planning ways to address teen issues when they returned to their communities. Check out pictures from the conference, as we look forward to the impact that Keystone members will continue to have on those around them! #teenstakeaction, It's National #HighFiveDay! We're sending out huge high fives to all of the incredible Clubs, kids, teens and BGCA supporters that help us create Great Futures for America's youth! Share your high fives for #GreatFutures with us!, The votes are in, and Taylor G. is the new SMART Girls Youth Ambassador! Congratulations, Taylor! Thank you to all of the SMART Girls who shared their stories in the Journey of a SMART Girl Contest, our finalists and to everyone who voted. To learn more about Taylor's journey and the SMART Girls program, use the link below., #Didyouknow that only 17 states require high-school students to study personal finance? Charles Schwab Foundation President Carrie Schwab-Pomerantz and our own Dr. Damon Williams recently spoke with The Wall Street Journal about the impact and importance of the Money Matters program for helping teens build great financial futures. Read the full article to find out how this alliance is helping teens improve their Financial Literacy! , Science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) are critical to the future success of young people as many of the fastest growing jobs in the U.S. will require some education in #STEM. That’s why Boys & Girls Clubs of America is excited to partner with Samsung Mobile to spark kids’ interest in STEM! Through this partnership, Samsung and celebrity designer Carter Oosterhouse are transforming select Clubs’ learning spaces into state-of-the-art “Tween Tech Centers.” Additionally, Samsung is donating 1,200 tablets with custom curriculum and ebooks to 120 Boys & Girls Clubs across the country to assist kids’ education and literacy goals and inspire future careers in STEM., These are sounds that we love to hear! During today's National Keystone Conference, 1500 attendees popped balloons to symbolically overcome their obstacles. Way to go, Keystone members! We are incredibly proud of your current achievements and thrilled for the #GreatFutures that you are building. #teenstakeaction http://instagram.com/p/mqQOhOFoLz/, To celebrate #FinancialLiteracyMonth, we're highlighting inspiring stories from Money Matters alumni. In 2003, Celina took part in the Money Matters program, which was made possible by our alliance with Charles Schwab Foundation, at Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco. This experience not only taught her how to establish her first bank account, learn to save and learn to budget, it also motivated her to give back and start a career in banking. Watch Celina’s video to learn more about her journey to a great financial future!, Today, 1,500 teens and advisors from across the globe descend on Anaheim for the 2014 National Keystone Conference. Keystone is a BGCA program for teens that provides unique leadership development experiences in academic success, career preparation and community service. The National Keystone Conference is an exciting opportunity for Keystone youth to meet with peers, take part in college experiences, discuss career paths and participate in hands-on learning experiences with national thought leaders and Keystone alumni. Did we mention that these outstanding teens get to see performances by Bobby V, Quest Crew and more? Follow all of the National Conference action with this link: http://www.myclubmylife.com/keystone/Pages/welcome.aspx #teenstakeaction, Exciting news! We recently announced a groundbreaking $30 million, five-year partnership with Taco Bell Foundation for Teens to support teens on their path to graduate from high school, ready for a successful future. The news was shared on Capitol Hill, alongside U.S. House Speaker John Boehner, Boys & Girls Club supporter Kelly Rowland, Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland and over 100 attendees.  We're thrilled to empower even more teens across the nation to reach their full potential!, What are your dinner plans for this evening? To celebrate Community Day and make a positive impact on the towns and cities that they serve, more than 500 Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants across the country are donating 10 percent of their total sales to a Boys & Girls Club in their community! Can’t make it to a Buffalo Wild Wings today but still want to support your local Club? Check out the link below for more giving options and to find out about Buffalo Wild Wings' Team Up for Kids initiative. http://www.buffalowildwings.com/company/giving/, BGCA President and CEO Jim Clark recently visited military youth centers in Japan. In his latest blog entry, read how this visit with Club youth, including 2014 Asia Military Youth of the Year Sophia Walker, as well as staff members at Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine installations left him inspired by the "transformational work being accomplished" by these centers each day. #GreatFutures, It’s almost time to name the new SMART Girls Youth Ambassador, and we need your help to choose! Cast your vote by Thurs. (3/10) for your favorite SMART Girl, using the link below. #SMARTGirlJourney, #Didyouknow that our National Fine Arts Gallery displays incredible works of art by Club kids and teens online? From collage to sculpture, oil, watercolor, and even group projects, take a moment to browse the virtual gallery and find out how to get invovled! #BGCArts, It’s Financial Literacy Month, and we’re celebrating 10 years of the Money Matters program! Thanks to our work with Charles Schwab Foundation, Clubs have helped more than half a million teens—and counting—take charge of their financial futures. In fact, Ashley, a 2007 Money Matters scholarship winner, was so inspired by the program that she transformed her experience into a career. Watch Ashley’s story to find out more about this groundbreaking program., #BGCWeek may technically be over, but at the national headquarters we are still celebrating the incredible work that each of you do to support the Movement. In fact, your commitment to youth success makes us do a “happy” dance! Check it out!, null, Need a little inspiration to start your week off right? Check out this incredible performance by the Nothing But Entertainment Step Team from the Everett BGC in Massachusetts. The group recently performed at Harvard. http://shout.lt/rMGQ, null, And the winner of the Blue Door Decorating Contest is....Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale The Thunderbirds Unit! Thank you for all of your creative entries and thoughtful votes. We’re so proud to support and be a part of the great work that happens behind those blue doors! http://greatfutures.org/bgcweek, Congratulations to our 2014 Blue Door Decorating Contest finalist! This year's winner is 'Beyond the Blue Door' by Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale The Thunderbirds Unit! 
Thanks for helping us celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week!, For more than 70 years, #BGCWeek has been an exciting time to celebrate the positive impact that Clubs have on America's youth and their communities. Check out these pictures from some of the earliest celebrations! #TBT, It’s your last chance to win a Lowe's Home Improvement or Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores gift card! Take the virtual Club tour, see the magic happening behind our blue doors, and register for your chance to win. http://goo.gl/O1ivgD #bgcweek, “National Boys & Girls Club Week is the time of year we spotlight the magic that happens inside Clubs every day. So open the door to your local Club this week and find out how they’re changing kids’ lives in your community.” BGCA President and CEO Jim Clark invites you to visit a Club during #BGCWeek and experience all of the ways that Great Futures for youth begin behind our blue doors. Check out his blog to find out how you can virtually tour a Club and be entered to a win gift card from Lowe's Home Improvement or Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores. , #Didyouknow that drowning is the leading cause of unintentional death in children ages 1-4 and the second leading cause in children 5-14, according to the CDC? To further our commitment to youth safety, BGCA is thrilled to partner with The ZAC Foundation for the second year to bring ZAC Camps to more than 2,500 kids at 25 Clubs beginning this month (March 2014). At these camps, children ages 5-9 receive critical swimming-safety instruction and learn life-saving tools. For more information about this partnership and to find a camp in your area, visit the link below!, It's the last day to vote for your favorite door decorations in the Blue Door Decorating Contest! Cast your vote now to help decide which Club will win a $5,000 Lowe's Home Improvement gift card. #bgcweek, It’s National Boys & Girls Club Week, and we’re proud to celebrate the positive impact that Clubs have on the lives of nearly 4 million youth annually. Do you have great memories from a Club? Share them with us, as well as your friends and family. Let's spread the word about all of the ways that #GreatFutures start behind our blue doors! #bgcweek http://shout.lt/rzqY, Celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week with us! Even if you can’t visit a Club this week to experience the magic that happens behind our blue doors, take a moment to read Teen Reporter David R.’s story about how much he loves his Club, the Sarah Heinz House. “Without this place, I wouldn’t be the person I am today,” he says. Do you love your Club as much as David does? Share your memories with us for #BGCWeek! http://shout.lt/rwtC, null, It's that time of year when Clubs across the nation recognize their Youth of the Year honorees, and the celebration for the Boys & Girls Clubs Los Angeles County Alliance is one great example. Long-time BGCA partner Disney, the presenter of the LACA ceremony, made this occasion especially memorable by giving the local YOY's the chance to meet Disney Channel stars Raini Rodriguez of 'Austin & Ally' and Adam Irigoyen from 'Shake It Up.' Congratulations to ALL of our inspirational Youth of the Year honorees and thanks to Disney for their continued dedication to leadership, innovation and #GreatFutures for America's youth! Did your Club have an outstanding YOY celebration? Share it with us!, The top five Journey of a SMART Girl finalists have been named, and they need your votes to become the next SMART Girls Ambassador! Listen to each of their incredible #SMARTGirlJourneys and vote for your favorite! http://shout.lt/rsMq, Did you know that 1 in 8 women will develop invasive breast cancer in their lifetime? BGCA Health & Life Skills Programs, like Smart Girls, help teen girls develop the necessary skills to be healthy throughout their lives. Awareness, education & prevention are essential to this goal. In #TheSilverLining: A Supportive and Insightful Guide to Breast Cancer, author & BGC supporter Hollye Jacobs offers a compassionate, supportive, and practical resource for anyone impacted by breast cancer., These Boys & Girls Clubs need your help! One of our six Blue Door Contest finalists will win a $5,000 Lowe's Home Improvement gift card based on your votes. Each one illustrates why #GreatFutures begin at a Boys & Girls Club. Choose your favorite now--voting ends soon! #bgcweek http://shout.lt/rlvq, Are you seeing green everywhere you look today? As you celebrate St. Patrick’s Day, don’t miss this story from James W., a Sarah Heinz House Teen Reporter, who wants to remind all of us about the history of the holiday., “None of us get to where we are going on our own. We require support, guidance and access.” Inspiring words from our National Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland in her first blog as a contributor to The Huffington Post . See what else Kiana has to say about the need for universal access to education for girls and stay tuned for even more great posts from her!, Open the door to Creativity! Paint a picture, plant a community garden, participate in the @Jo-Ann Make It – Take It on 3/22 or just be there for a kid or teen. These are just a few ideas for 100 Ways to Celebrate National #BGCWeek. Tell us how you inspire imaginative young minds for Great Futures! http://shout.lt/rchr, Parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles and other family members, want to be more involved in Club life and find creative ways to prepare youth for success? Our Family PLUS initiative is a great start! Find out all of the benefits it offers. http://shout.lt/q91q, What's your favorite activity at your Club? For Olympian & #BGCAlum Shaun White, it was playing handball! Check out other memorable moments from White and find out how entering those Blue Doors impacted his life, as well as the lives of many other BGC celebrity alums, in this video collection. #BGCWeek, BGCA’s Keystone program gives teens practical leadership experience, while also encouraging teens to serve their communities – both local and global. Read more about how this program has benefited Brianna, age 17, from the Boys & Girls Club of Northwest New Jersey. Thanks for being an inspiration to others, Brianna! #KeystoneClub, #Didyouknow: 3 out of 10 kids won't graduate on time? Our Education & Career programs prepare youth to graduate on time and plan for #GreatFutures. Find out more! http://shout.lt/q1Cm, Cast your vote in the Blue Door Decorating Contest! Club kids across the country answered our call to create and build door decorations inspired by #GreatFutures. Six finalists were chosen. Your vote will help one of these Clubs win a $5,000 Lowe's gift card. Check out the entries and choose your favorite! #bgcweek http://shout.lt/qYVQ, First Lady Michelle Obama recently announced that Boys & Girls Clubs of America is teaming up with the National Recreation and Park Association and Partnership for a Healthier America to create healthier environments for nearly five million kids in our programs! The announcement, which took place in Miami, brought out famous faces like Mario Lopez, Amy Poehler and Jenna Bush Hager to celebrate the five-year commitment to encourage 5,400 Clubs to adopt strong standards for nutrition and physical activity., National Boys & Girls Club Week is March 23-29, and we're celebrating the incredible work that Clubs across the country do to support #GreatFutures for America's youth!, "Afterschool can't be an afterthought." BGCA president and CEO Jim Clark delivered this message at the recent TEDxYouth@SanJuan Youth Development Conference. Listen to the message and join us to help kids achieve the Great Futures that they deserve!, We know it's Oscar night, so you better set your DVR! We know you won't want to miss the Boys & Girls Clubs of Dundee Township on the Food Network tonight at 8pm EST! Club teens & staff will be cooking up some community goodness, showing how #BGC teens give back by collecting donations for a local food pantry. Way to go, BGCDT!, null, The deadline for the Journey of a SMART Girl contest is quickly approaching! Don't miss your chance to be the next SMART Girls Youth Ambassador, helping girls across the country boost their self-confidence and lead healthy lives. To submit your #SMARTGirlJourney, visit the page below for all of the contest details. , Moms, your last chance to enter the #GoldMedalMom sweepstakes is quickly approaching! Enter by Tues., 3/04, and you could win $2,000; a visit with 3-time Olympian, National Champion, motivational speaker, role model and soon-to-be mom Dominique Dawes; and a $5,000 donation to your local Boys & Girls Club. Get all of the details below., Parents, do you need some helpful hints to talk to your kids or teens about bullying, fitness, or even homework? Check out our Resources page for some ideas. We'd also love to hear your tips. http://bgca.org/whywecare/Pages/Resources.aspx, We’re proud to announce that Boys & Girls Clubs of America is officially joining with First Lady Michelle Obama and the Partnership for a Healthier America to continue creating healthier environments for Club kids. Through this partnership, we are demonstrating our commitment to truly moving toward a new, healthier norm in out-of-school programs. Want to help spread the word about healthy lifestyles? Join us, along with the First Lady Michelle Obama and the Partnership for a Healthier America, for a live-tweet on Thurs. (2/27) at 8pm to celebrate the 4th anniversary of Let's Move., Bid now for your chance to win a Sprite X Futura custom art basketball, signed during the NBA All-Star Game, and support Boys & Girls Clubs of America in the process! http://auctions.nba.com/cgi-bin/ncommerce3/ExecMacro/feature.d2w/report?wl=51136034&term=basketballs&sort=items, Has the SMART Girls Program impacted your life? Tell us about your #SMARTGirlJourney and you could be the next SMART Girls Youth Ambassador! Visit the Journey of a SMART Girl Contest page below for entry details & your chance to join Celebrity Ambassador Adrienne Bailon to help girls across the country boost their self-confidence and lead healthy lives. http://www.myclubmylife.com/Life_Skills/Pages/journey-of-a-smart-girl-contest.aspx, Yesterday marked the first 2014 Tech Girls Rock Workshop at Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta BGCA partnered with CA Technologies to develop the Tech Girls Workshop series, which supports girls’ interest in technology and encourages them to pursue careers in the fast-growing computing workforce. Our Tech Girls worked on a variety of projects, including game design, coding and a STEM scavenger hunt, with the help of CA Technologies volunteers., Such great news for #GreatFutures that we just had to share!, Cast your vote by Wed. (2/19) to help Dr. Flint Fowler & BGCA create #GreatFutures for even more of America’s youth as part of unite4:good's unite4:humanity Inspiration Award. This Award recognizes extraordinary individuals who inspire us through their “dedication to good” with a $50,000 grant to the charity of their choice. As President of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater St. Louis, Dr. Fowler’s work currently serves more than 8,000 young people in five club sites and five elementary schools. Congratulations on your nomination, Dr. Fowler. Know that your dedication motivates and inspires us daily. Check out unite4:good for additional details about this Award and the organization., Happy Valentine's Day! Looking for a fun Valentine's-inspired craft? Check out this adorable Hippo Box to store all of your cards and love notes. What are some of your favorite Valentine's crafts? http://www2.fiskars.com/Inspiration-Projects/Valentine-s-Day/Hippo-Valentine-Box#.Uv5yD2JdWSo  , On behalf of the entire BGC Family, we would like to wish our 2013-2014 National Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland a very happy birthday! Your growth as a leader, role model, and advocate for America's youth continues to inspire us and make us proud to be a part of your journey. Happy Birthday, Kiana!, Gold Medal Moms, take a moment out of your busy day for YOU and enter the #GoldMedalMom sweepstakes! To celebrate all of the incredible things that you do, Family Dollar and Coca-Cola are offering you a chance to win $2,000; a visit with 3-time Olympian, National Champion, motivational speaker, role model and soon-to-be-mom Dominique Dawes; and a $5,000 donation to your local Boys & Girls Club. Enter today!, The 2014 Sochi Olympic Winter Games kick off tonight! Do you have a favorite BGC Alumnus competing this year? Which sports do you watch?, To celebrate its ongoing commitment to spark youth interest in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), Time Warner Cable brought 300 students from local Boys & Girls Clubs to “Connect a Million Minds Day” at Time Warner Cable Studios in New York City on February 1, 2014. Professional football player Victor Cruz and Food Network chef and personality Anne Burrell hosted the interactive event, which featured fun learning activities demonstrating the science behind popular TV shows and networks. “Connect a Million Minds Day” launched a new national partnership between Time Warner Cable and Boys & Girls Clubs of America to inspire young people in STEM., For many youth in the Greater New York City and Northern New Jersey area, Sunday’s Super Bowl was about more than football. Boys & Girls Clubs of America is a proud charitable partner of the NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee, whose Snowflake Youth Foundation raised almost four million dollars to renovate 20 Club facilities throughout the region.  Watch the video below to see how one generous contributor, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, helped the Boys & Girls Club of Atlantic City recover from major damage inflicted by Hurricane Sandy, to come back stronger than ever to provide young people with Great Futures., Calling all SMART Girls! The Journey of a SMART Girl Contest is on, and we're searching for our next SMART Girls Youth Ambassador! Could this be you? Share your personal journey in the SMART Girls program for your chance to win. Ready to get started? Click the link below for more details - Good luck!, Thank you to each and every person who shared Coca-Cola's "Going All the Way" game day ad! Your support earned a $50,000 donation from Coca-Cola to BGCA's Triple Play initiative and a touchdown for #GreatFutures. Missed the ad or just want to watch it again? Check it out below., You're caring, creative, and resourceful when it comes to supporting your family's needs--you're a #GoldMedalMom! Family Dollar and Coca-Cola are celebrating your ingenuity with the Gold Medal Mom sweepstakes. This is your chance to win $2,000; a visit with 3-time Olympian, National Champion, motivational speaker, role model and soon-to-be-mom Dominique Dawes; and a $5,000 donation to your local Boys & Girls Club. Find how to take part in the sweepstakes below., Our first #SOTY live-tweet might be over, but the conversation is just getting started thanks to incredible participation from BGCA Youth of the Year 2013-2014 Kiana Knolland, Clubs, and—of course—youth, parents, and BGCA supporters nationwide! Ready to give us your take on youth issues? Visit our State of the Youth page (below) to take part in the conversation. Together, we can create Great Futures for America's youth., Help us "go all the way" just by sharing this awesome Game Day ad from Coca-Cola — the story of one boy’s determination and confidence in pursuing his own #GreatFuture. If we hit 10,000 shares of this video, Coca-Cola, a supporter of BGCA’s Triple Play program, will donate $50,000 to our signature health & wellness initiative! Together we can share our way to the end zone! Let's go team!, It’s time for the State of the Union, which means that it’s also time for the State of the Youth (#SOTY). Find out the top concerns of America’s youth and tweet along with BGCA Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland (@kianak_bgca) as she provides a youth perspective during the #SOTU. Don’t forget to use #SOTY to let your voice be heard., null, The #SOTU begins tonight (1/28) at 9pm EST. You can take part in the address by joining our State of the Youth (#SOTY) live-tweet! Follow BGCA 2013-2014 Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland on Twitter, @KianaK_BGCA, as she provides a youth perspective on the State of the Union. We want to hear your voice. Who is ready to speak up for youth issues? Be heard — use #SOTY., It's #SOTU time! Tomorrow, Tuesday, January 28 at 9pm EST, the President will deliver the State of the Union, and we want America's youth to be a part of the conversation! BGCA 2013-2014 Youth of the Year Kiana Knolland will live-tweet the event, and you can join her. Follow her on Twitter — @kianak_bgca — and use #SOTY (State of the Youth) to raise your voice to help kids and teens secure Great Futures., Boys & Girls Clubs of America Is Highly Respected! In its 2012 Philanthropy 400 report, The Chronicle of Philanthropy ranked BGCA 18th among all nonprofit organizations. Additionally, BGCA was ranked #1 among youth organizations for the 20th consecutive year., Boys & Girls Clubs Save Lives! In a Harris Interactive survey, 57% of Boys & Girls Club alumni said the Club “saved my life.”, January is National Mentoring Month and a great opportunity to celebrate the incredible work by BGCA mentors. Thank you for your commitment to creating Great Futures for America's youth. Did a Boys & Girls Club mentor impact your life? Share your story with us!, Clubs Help Kids Develop a Strong Character! Our Youth of the Year initiative promotes and celebrates service to Club, community and family; academic performance; moral character; life goals; and poise and public speaking ability., ICYMI: BGCA Pacific Youth of the Year Yossy Rojas had the opportunity to meet and introduce President Bill Clinton at last Tuesday's Health Matters Conference! That night, Clinton announced a partnership between The Alliance for a Healthier Generation and Boys & Girls Clubs of America to expand access to healthier foods and physical activity during out-of-school time for America's youth. We're excited to work with the Alliance and further strengthen Clubs' abilities to help America's youth make healthy decisions! Learn more about the plan at http://shout.lt/pCkd., Clubs Help Kids Avoid Risky Behaviors! 9th-grade Club members are less likely than the national average to engage in risky behaviors such as smoking, drinking and using marijuana. Programs like SMART Girls and Passport to Manhood help kids build self-esteem, treat others with respect, and make good choices., Did you know that last year, more than 260,000 Club kids engaged in community service? Our President & CEO Jim Clark talks about "Why Doing Good is Good for Kids" in his latest post on The Boys & Girls Club Story. Why do you think volunteerism is so important, especially for kids & teens? How does participating in community service make YOU feel? Tell us using #1hourequals., "Everybody can be great, because anybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love." In the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King, Clubs across the country and on military installations worldwide are participating in today's National Day of Service. Share your stories of community service with us. Show us what your #1hourequals! (Hint: share posts, pics & vids here on FB, Twitter and Instagram. Just use the hashtag #1hourequals.), "Everything I know about being loving and caring, and sacrificing and showing up and being present in my children’s lives... I learned all of that from her example." Speaking about his mother's influence on his life and success, LeBron James, NBA star and BGCA supporter, penned this moving tribute for the Shriver Report. James' story — and the stories that we hear in Clubs — about single mothers' courageous devotion never cease to inspire us., For Martin Luther King, Jr. Day 2014, Boys & Girls Clubs of America will participate in a National Day of Service. On Monday the 20th, local Clubs across America and on military installations worldwide will take the opportunity to give back to the communities where we live and work. As we kick off our exciting new Million Members, Million Hours of Service commitment — a call to community service across the entire Boys & Girls Clubs movement — it seemed only fitting for those of us working at National HQ to lead by example. We wanted to show what #1hourequals - in other words, how simple it is to make an impact. So, the Friday before MLK Day, we volunteered at Atlanta Mission's Shepherd's Inn, a men's shelter, and My Sister's House, a shelter for women and children. Here's the results of our work., Clubs Help Kids Lead Healthy Lifestyles! Our signature program in this area is Triple Play: A Game Plan for the Mind, Body and Soul, a holistic approach to educating youth about nutrition, fitness and forming healthy relationships. Additionally, the WANNA PLAY™ program encourages youth ages 6 to 12 to increase their overall fitness and health while learning the fundamental skills of baseball and softball., Inspiring, courageous and nothing short of extraordinary. Does this describe you or a mom that you know? Boys & Girls Clubs of America and University of Phoenix are taking nominations for America's Most Inspirational Mom to award three full-tuition scholarships to the University. Get all of the details from fellow inspirational mom Lucille O'Neal, mom of NBA All-Star Shaquille O’Neal and alumna of Boys & Girls Clubs and University of Phoenix!, TUNE IN for some big news for BGCA from the Clinton Health Matters Conference tonight! Watch the announcement LIVE at http://shout.lt/pqjj, Way to go, Reed Family! They just won the 4th Annual Fit Family Challenge by making amazing changes in their level of physical activity, nutrition and food choices, not to mention a renewed commitment to more daily "quality time" together. A huge thank you goes out to our friends over at The Coca-Cola Company and The WellPoint Foundation for supporting the Triple Play Program. This weekend's competition is just one demonstration of our collective commitment to promoting active lifestyles not just for Club kids, but for the whole family!, Check out these great photos from the 4th Annual Triple Play Fit Family Challenge! From making healthier eating choices to getting 30-60 minutes of physical activity a day, these families demonstrated their commitment to fitness. In Phases 1 & 2, families from all over the country shared their stories of spending more quality time together centered around teaching kids to lead Healthy Lifestyles. After Phase 2, we narrowed it down to the Final 5 Families, who then competed in the Fit Family Challenge event in Los Angeles on Saturday, January 11, 2014. There may be only one official winner - The Reed Family - but we think everyone who participated won big just by participating., Check us out on http://shout.lt/pmjH today! They're helping us "Make a Difference" by spreading the word about how Boys & Girls Clubs provide mentorship opportunities for youth across America. We appreciate the love!, Clubs Help Kids Graduate from High School, Prepared for a Great Future! 
Ensuring that every Club member graduates from high school on time with a solid plan for their future is of the highest priority for BGCA. A variety of high-impact programs support this effort: 
• Diplomas to Degrees, a college-readiness program 
• CareerLaunch®, which introduces young people to the world of work 
• Money Matters: Make it Count, a financial literacy program, Our mug runneth over with pride that we can call Ron Howard a long-time supporter of Boys & Girls Clubs of America. The money raised from the sale of his Doodle Mugs on Amazon helps us in our mission to create Great Futures for America's youth. If you haven't gotten yours yet, better snap one up before they're gone! If you've got a mug already, show us!, The Triple Play Fit Family Challenge is going down in LA this weekend! Check out our Final 5 finalist families, who'll get a chance to meet legendary Olympian and BGCA Alumni Hall of Famer Jackie Joyner–Kersee. These finalists will complete a series of Mind, Body & Soul competitions to prove they're the "fittest family:" The Blair Family from the McConnell Air Force Base Boys & Girls Club; The Brodsky Family from the Detroit Arsenal Boys & Girls Club; Monique Livingston and the Johnson Kids from the Boys & Girls Clubs of NW Georgia; the Reed Family from the Keesler Air Force Base Youth Center and the Wells Family from the Boys & Girls Club of the CSRA. Congratulations and good luck to all of our Fit Family Challenge Finalists!, Clubs Help Kids Stay in School and Improve Their Academic Success! Each year, 1 in 4 high school students fails to graduate on time. BE GREAT: Graduate, our dropout prevention initiative, targets communities with high dropout rates. Nationwide, our most utilized program is Power Hour, which provides homework help and tutoring. In 2013, BGCA introduced Brain Gain, which helps prevent the summer learning loss that contributes to the alarming achievement gap between low- and high-income youth., Child Safety is Our No. 1 Priority! For more than 100 years, child protection and safety have been the bedrock principles of our work. We are committed to providing our nation’s youth with safe havens staffed by caring adult mentors who have the best interests of children at heart., BGCA VISION: Provide a world-class Club Experience that assures success is within reach of every young person who enters our doors, with all members on track to graduate from high school with a plan for the future, demonstrating good character and citizenship, and living a healthy lifestyle., Boys & Girls Clubs are community-based and building-centered. They provide a safe, affordable place for youth during non-school hours and the summer and are led by paid, trained youth development professionals., Boys & girls clubs annually serve nearly 4 million young people, through membership and community outreach, in more than 4,000 club facilities throughout the country and BGCA-affiliated youth centers on U.S. military installations worldwide., Your action TODAY can CHANGE a child’s life - FOREVER! Please make the most generous year-end gift you can by midnight tonight, December 31st! http://bgca.org/Year End #GreatFuture, It's that "in between" time - kids are glad school is on break but secretly can't wait to get back to their friends! How are you coping? How are you keeping them active? Clubs - we want to hear from you, too!, Your caring and generosity helps shape young lives — changing
them for the better, every day. Please support of Boys & Girls
Clubs of America by making a tax-deductible year-end gift by
midnight on December 31st. Thank you for making a difference
for America’s youth!, BGCA has been very fortunate to work with some amazing partners including Bon-Ton this holiday season. Thank you for creating a #GreatFuture!, ICYMI! Charles Schwab Foundation is featuring two of our very own on their Schwab Talk blog! Jim Clark talks about BGCA’s contributions to American youth and the importance of financial education, and hear how Boys & Girls Clubs impacted the future of Money Matters Ambassador, Austin McHenry. http://shout.lt/nNgc, Thank you to our wonderful community of advocates and partners for making this season bright! #GreatFuture, Connect to the Lexus Facebook app and check-in TODAY because each time you do, Lexus will donate $50 to BGCA, up to $150,000 (The $50 donation runs from Dec. 23 through Jan. 2). While you are there, check out the donation counter, and share the app with your friends! And please take a moment to thank Lexus for their generosity!, Visit the Toyotathon Check-in link through December 30 and Toyota USA will donate $10 to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America during Toyotathon. You could help Toyota raise up to $200,000., Sign up to take opinion surveys on SurveyMonkey Contribute. For every survey you answer, SurveyMonkey will donate $0.50 to BGCA! What’s your opinion on that?!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and University of Phoenix are searching for America’s Most Inspirational Mom to award three full-tuition scholarships to pursue an undergraduate or master’s degree at the University. Here’s Lucille O’Neal, mom of NBA All-Star Shaquille O’neal and alumna of Boys & Girls Clubs and University of Phoenix with all of the details!, UGG Australia stores are giving back to BGCA this holiday season. Visit an UGG store to help the cause! It's a gift we all feel good about., The holiday season is, and has been, in full swing for several weeks. It can be exhausting, at times. What are you doing to keep the season bright for kids?, Go Green with Toyota Financial Services through Jan. 31! For every customer that switches to paperless monthly statements, $5 will be donated to BGCA and BGC LA Alliance, up to $200,000. Thank you for your continued commitment to Boys & Girls Clubs! #GreatFuture, BGCA is proud of our local Club kids who gave back over 1.3 million hours of community volunteer service this year. We showcased 12 of the best service projects in our Kids Give Back contest and you chose your favorite – Boys & Girls of Clubs of Hawaii! BGC of Hawaii will win $2,000 courtesy of RetailMeNot!, These adorable bears give back to BGCA and our Clubs! Thanks to our partner Bon-Ton, from now through Dec. 24, every time a teddy bear is sold in-store and online, 100% of the proceeds give back., In partnership with BGCA and other supporters, Code.org launched Hour of Code, a national initiative to introduce 10 million students of all ages to the basics of computer science for one hour during Computer Science Education Week (Dec. 9-15, 2013). Hour of Code is in alignment with BGCA’s STEM strategy to teach kids to make technology—rather than just consume it—and prepare youth for the jobs of tomorrow. To learn how to code, visit HourofCode.org., Buffalo Wild Wings is giving $0.50 of every sauce and seasonings purchased as a donation to BGCA this year. Great for stocking stuffers!! What else would you like to see in your stocking this year?, The Final 5 Triple Play Fit Family Challenge finalists were announced today! These families will compete against each other in LA and meet legendary Olympian and BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame member Jackie Joyner-Kersee. The finalists include: 

* The Blair Family from the McConnell Air Force Base Boys & Girls Club; 

* The Brodsky Family from the Detroit Arsenal Boys & Girls Club; 

* Monique Livingston and the Johnson Kids from the Boys & Girls Clubs of NW Georgia; 

* The Reed Family form the Keesler Air Force Base Youth Center, and

* The Wells Family from the Boys & Girls Club of the CSRA. 

Congratulations and good luck to all of our Fit Family Challenge Finalist Families!, TODAY is the last day to vote in the Kids Give Back contest! Thanks to RetailMeNot, the winning Club will receive a $2,000 prize. Check out the Gift-of-Giving Tips for your family after you vote. #GreatFuture, There's still time to get your Ron Howard limited edition doodle mugs! Proceeds benefit BGCA! , This week, Charles Schwab Foundation is featuring two of our very own on their Schwab Talk blog! Jim Clark talks about BGCA’s contributions to American youth and the importance of financial education, and hear how Boys & Girls Clubs impacted the future of Money Matters Ambassador, Austin McHenry. http://shout.lt/nNgc, We’re excited to announce our participation in Code.org's #HourofCode event, a national campaign to introduce 10 million kids to the basics of computer science. During Computer Science Education Week, which is THIS week, our Club kids will code for one hour – opening their minds to numerous possibilities! Learn more about this exciting partnership!, This year, Disney plans to donate over $1.5 MM to BGCA. You can help, too! With every Wish Gift purchased at a Disney Store, $1 will go to support BGCA. What is your holiday wish?, Looking for a fun and easy way to give back? For one week only, we’re teaming up with Groupon Grassroots to fund awesome programs for Club Kids in 2014! Join in to make a collective impact! Let’s see how much we can raise! http://www.groupon.com/deals/boys-girls-clubs-of-america, Have you voted for your favorite Club philanthropy story in the Kids Give Back contest? Thanks to RetailMeNot, the winning Club will receive a $2,000 prize. You can spark giving back in your family with Gift-of-Giving Tips too! Who did you vote for?, In lieu of traditional gifts, give a holiday donation in honor of friends and loved ones to Boys & Girls Clubs of America to help kids achieve a #GreatFuture. Who will you be sending gifts to?, Looking for a fun and easy way to give back? For one week only, we’re teaming up with Groupon Grassroots to fund awesome programs for Club Kids in 2014! Join in to make a collective impact! Let’s see how much we can raise!, Congratulations to Ethan Harris of Boys & Girls Club of Bryant Arkansas for being chosen Maytag's 25th 2013 Dependable Leader by America! See his winning entry by clicking below!, Today is #GivingTuesday!  After shopping til you dropped this weekend, take a moment to give back to Boys & Girls Clubs of America by Giving the Gift of a #GreatFuture.  You will join the millions of people giving back on #GivingTuesday to make a difference.  Visit GreatFutures.org/give, It was a long holiday weekend and I can't wake up on this lovely Monday morning. So it's up to you to wake me up and TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD!, Our partner Bon-Ton is continuing to give back this holiday season. Starting today, Bon-Ton will reward visitors who donate $3.00 at register or online with a coupon, good for purchases $25.00 or more.  Check out these coupons to support local Clubs and BGCA. #GreatFuture, Voting ends tonight at 11:59p.m. PT! If you haven’t already voted today in the Maytag #DependableLeader awards, get it done! Your nominees need you. If you haven’t already, give the nominee videos 1 last look! Inspiring to see our Club professionals (and kids!) in action., UGG Australia stores are giving back this holiday season. Visit an UGG store to help the cause! It's a gift we all feel good about. Especially your feet. Ahhh!, Eep! Only 2 days to go in the Maytag #DependableLeader awards. Have you watched the videos? Have you voted? Have you?! Go to www.bgca.org/Maytag and vote daily for your favorites!, Bon-Ton is continuing to give back this holiday season. Beginning on Nov. 29, Bon-Ton will reward visitors who donate $3.00 at register or online with a coupon, good for purchases $25.00 or more. Check out these coupons to support local Clubs and BGCA. #GreatFuture, Help a Club by voting now for your favorite giving story in the Kids Give Back contest. You can help the winning Club get a $2,000 prize sponsored by RetailMeNot! Let us know who you're voting for in the comments!, Less than a week to go, folks! Have you taken a few minutes to get to know all 5 nominees in Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Maytag  #DependableLeader’ awards? The winner will receive a $20,000 award to help their Club’s efforts to be a safe, dependable place that enables young people to have great futures. Remember to vote daily., BGCA supports  Congressman Chaka Fattah’s bill for funding evidence-based STEM and youth mentoring programs. Please see more about this exciting bill at the link below and share your support by sharing this post., The Salvation Army Boys & Girls Club of Metro Houston members were pumped about taking the pledge to graduate at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Pep Rally this Friday, Nov. 8, 2013, in Houston, Texas. Sponsored by the Taco Bell Foundation for Teens, attendees received tips on how to graduate from high school, scholarship information and fun prizes., Thank you BGCA donors! You sustain our programs financially, and you reinforce a #GreatFuture for Club members. www.greatfutures.org/give, BGCA hosted an event with the Paterson & Passaic Boys & Girls Club called “A Team Effort.” It was attended by Boys & Girls Club alumnus and New York Giants wide receiver Victor Cruz, who announced a donation of $500k that will be used to renovate the aquatic center and launch an after-school program called “Cruz Control.” The generous donations from The Victor Cruz Foundation, NY/NJ Snowflake Youth Foundation, the MetLife Foundation, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and JPMorgan Chase will positively impact thousands of local youth in NJ!, Did you know Boys & Girls Clubs of America serves nearly 500,000 military youth and their families through partnerships with every branch of the U.S. Armed Services? The need to support these families has never been greater; BGCA released this white paper outlining action steps and recommendations specifically focused on creating great futures for military families and youth., Go Green with Toyota Financial Services through Jan. 31! For every customer that switches to paperless monthly statements, $5 will be donated to BGCA and BGC LA Alliance, up to $200,000. Thank you for your continued commitment to Boys & Girls Clubs! #GreatFuture, Happy Monday, folks! We’re nearly a week into the competition and our nominees really need your vote! Choose the 25th Maytag #DependableLeader for 2013. The winner’s Club will receive a $20,000 award! Vote daily!, It has been a while so I want to know... TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD!, If you’re looking for a unique holiday gift for someone, consider a limited edition, high-quality mug featuring the doodle artwork of BGCA supporter Ron Howard. All proceeds from the sale of the mugs will benefit Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and are available for pre-order, with a limited release of 8,000 mugs in four varieties. Grab them while you can!, John Paul DeJoria, BGC alum and CEO of Paul Mitchell, often attributes his success to the mentorship he received as a youth at his local Boys & Girls Club. He has made a generous $25,000 gift to BGCA this holiday season., Check out these great photos from the 4th Annual Triple Play Fit Family Challenge! From making healthier eating choices to getting 30-60 minutes of physical activity a day, these families demonstrated their commitment to fitness. In Phases 1 & 2, families from all over the country shared their stories of spending more quality time together centered around teaching kids to lead Healthy Lifestyles. After Phase 2, we narrowed it down to the Final 5 Families, who then competed in the Fit Family Challenge event in Los Angeles on Saturday, January 11, 2014. There may be only one official winner - The Reed Family - but we think everyone who participated won big just by participating., By the end of this year, Disney will have donated $1.5MM to BGCA. With your help, we can support even more great futures!  When you purchase a Holiday Wish Gift, Disney Store will donate $1 to BGCA. Who’s your favorite character? I’m an Aladdin girl, myself. #GreatFuture, It’s America’s turn to choose the 25th and final 2013 Boys & Girls Clubs of America ‘Maytag #DependableLeader!’ The winner will receive a $20,000 award to help their Club’s efforts to be a safe, dependable place that enables young people to have great futures. Learn about the nominees and vote daily for your favorite!, Share holiday cheer and spread the message of Giving the Gift of a #GreatFuture with your friends on Facebook! Just click the Share button below and ask your friends to "Like" Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Also, visit greatfutures.org/give to see a video about Boys & Girls Clubs!, Today, as everyday, we thank the mil­lions of men and women who have donned the uni­form of mil­i­tary ser­vice to defend the free­doms and ideals that define this coun­try. We honor those men and women in service and their families who serve with them. Please share your wishes below., It’s always great to see our valued partners excited about the work that they do with us! Check out this great post about Darden’s support of our education programs done by Dave George, the President of Olive Garden, who is also one of our National Trustees., null, Check out Oklahoma Thunder Star Kevin Durant and learn more about his ties to the Boys & Girls Clubs before a quick game of H-O-R-S-E., Buffalo Wild Wings is giving $0.50 of every sauce and seasonings purchased as a donation to BGCA this year. Do you have a favorite? I’m taking recommendations!  #GreatFuture, Thank you to everyone who rose to the challenge and sent over 40 photos of family friendly Halloween costumes! I was able to find a 4th Soccket ball so will the following winners please message me your shipping addresses and I'll get your prize sent out ASAP! 
 
Nell Sachs O'Connell 
Robert Coffman
Marianne Stephens 
Sierra McKeever Lehl, Pull out those Halloween photos and get them posted in the comments below. I'm extending the current contest for 3 Soccket balls if we get 18 more photos of fun, family-friendly costumes. You know you have those pics on your phone, so get to posting!, Good Monday morning! We have a great video to share today! Through the ImageMakers National Photography Contest, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Sony Electronics are encouraging youth at Boys & Girls Clubs nationwide to explore the latest in photography arts. ImageMakers seeks to engage Club youth to build their skills in photography, digital arts and self-expression. To see inspirational photos by Club kids, visit GreatFutures.org/ImageMakers., We’re proud to partner with Comcast dream big to help close the digital divide, and are excited to share that the Internet Essentials program has connected more than 1 million low-income Americans to the Internet. Learn more about #InternetEssentials: http://bit.ly/1byQqIe, [Contest] I'm looking for your fabulous, family-friendly Halloween costumes! Share a photo of your costume below. If we get at least 25 between now and Monday morning, I will choose 3 winners to receive a Soccket, an energy-harnessing soccer ball. Thirty minutes of play can power the LED lamp for three hours! Ready... set... GO!, We are excited to announce that Fashion Project has launched an exclusive FENDI boutique where 20% of the proceeds from each sale will directly support Boys & Girls Clubs of America., BGCA recently presented Charles Schwab Foundation with the Champion Of Youth award for its decade-long commitment to educating Boys & Girls Club teens about the basics of personal finance and importance of smart money management. The Money Matters program has positively impacted more than 500,000 teen participants. Hear it firsthand from former Money Matters participants applying money smarts in their daily lives!, Boys & Girls Clubs of Cleveland members were pumped about taking the pledge to graduate at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Pep Rally this Friday, Oct. 25, 2013, in Cleveland, Ohio. Sponsored by the Taco Bell Foundation for Teens, attendees received tips on how to graduate from high school, scholarship information and fun prizes., Happy Monday, everyone! Join Party City in supporting our efforts in communities nationwide! Visit Party City stores to donate. This spooktacular program ends on 10/31!, These adorable bears give back to BGCA and our Clubs! Thanks to our partner Bon-Ton , from now through Dec. 24, every time a teddy bear is sold in-store and online, 100% of the proceeds give back. http://ow.ly/qaYqo #GreatFutures, BGCA is recognizing National Teen Driver Safety Week! We are excited to have the UPS Road Code program available to our Club members to keep them safe on the road! This year’s theme – ‘It Takes Two: Shared Expectations for Teens and Parents for Driving’ – encourages teens and parents to work together to help young drivers become safe, skilled drivers., Game 1 of the World Series is in the books! Tonight, BGCA's Military Youth of the Year, RaShaan Allen, will deliver the first-ball to the mound with Hall of Famer, MLB Executive Vice President of Baseball Development, and BGC alum Frank Robinson. Tune in!, It’s National Teen Driver Safety Week and we want to know: how well do you know safe driving? Take the Road Code Report Card Challenge today!, This week kicks off the 4th Annual Triple Play Fit Family Challenge! Families participating in the Challenge will learn and practice healthy eating habits (MIND), be more physically active (BODY) and spend quality time with each other (SOUL).  Each week will incorporate new challenges including trying new fruits and vegetables, participating in family fitness activities and learning more about what it truly means to be healthy. What does being healthy mean to YOU?, Actor Tristan Wilds encourages teens to graduate from high school at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Mid Semester Pep Rally sponsored by Taco Bell Foundation for Teens on Oct. 18, 2013 in Phoenix, Ariz. More than 250 Arizona Keystone Club members teens attended the event., Let's put some words in her mouth. What is this cute Club kid saying on the awesome fall day? I'll bet it's something great! Clubs! What are kids saying?, The Stream is family comedy film about life as a kid in the 80s. Rainn Wilson (The Office) plays Ernest Terry -- the only kid on the cul de sac who wanted to be DARTH VADER. Mario Lopez and other stars plus music by Joan Jett & Star Wars icon John Williams make it fun for kids and parents AND 80% of proceeds go to Boys & Girls Clubs., Grab your light saber and head to the movies this weekend! The Stream is family comedy film about life as a kid in the 80's  Rainn Wilson (The Office) plays Ernest Terry -- the only kid on the cul de sac who wanted to be DARTH VADER.  Mario Lopez and other stars plus music by Joan Jett & Star Wars icon John Williams make it fun for kids and parents AND 80% of proceeds go to Boys & Girls Clubs. Click below for showtimes!, "Strive to overcome the difference between who you've become and who you're truly meant to be." - Unknown, You hear it, right? That music in the background? It's asking you to TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD! How's it going out in BGC land and the rest of the world?, We made a movie! Ok, we didn't. But our kids did! “The Stream” was produced by Dreaming Tree Films & Dreaming Tree Foundation in partnership with BGCA, and nearly 200 Club kids from around the country received the opportunity to work behind the camera or in the editing bay. Get a peek at their experience below. To see the trailer for the film, premiering in select cities 10/18, click here: http://youtu.be/sQLbP6Ryzwc, [Contest!] Adults in kid clothes? Kids in adult clothes? Sounds like the perfect wacky relay! This photo is from our Day for Kids Event in LA. Give us your best caption and you could win 1 of 3 Money Matters Music Mogul t-shirts and a cd! Winners will be chosen after noon tomorrow. Ready, set, go!, On Saturday, Oct. 5, 2013, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia hosted a Dove Self-Esteem Workshop teaching girls about confidence, beauty, building self-esteem and how to be an unstoppable girl. The workshop was part of Dove’s 4th Annual Dove Self-Esteem Weekend, a national effort to reach 15 million young lives by 2015., BGCA and Comcast and NBC Universal are supporting five Boys & Girls Clubs in the FIRST Lego League robotics competition. Our kids will be programming robots and developing solutions to challenging world problems. Check out what Sarah Heinz House has done with their robotics program!, In July 2013, 18 Boys & Girls Club teens from across the globe traveled to San Diego where they participated in a fun-filled week in recognition as national teen winners of the Digital Arts Festivals and ImageMakers National Photography Contest, two member competitions from BGCA's arts initiative., Join Party City in supporting our efforts in communities nationwide! Visit Party City stores to donate today., Today kicks off the 4th Annual Dove Self Esteem Weekend! We'll be at the top of the Empire State Building for a Lighting ceremony with Katie Couric, Dove, Girls, Inc. and Girl Scouts of the USA. Join us on Instagram and Twitter (@BGCA_Clubs) for live updates as we shine the light on #GirlsUnstoppable., Check out this anti-bullying video from our friends at Cartoon Network! We are a proud partner of their Stop Bullying: Speak Up campaign., Your local Clubs need your help! Bid on some amazing auction items and support the Southwest Professional Development Scholarship Fund. All proceeds support scholarships for LOCAL Club professionals and board volunteers in the Southwest region to attend conferences and talent development training opportunities: http://bidpal.net/bgcasw, At the Day for Kids field day event in Fort Worth, Texas on Saturday Sept. 28, Boys & Girls Clubs of America invited adults to relive their childhood to help change the lives of kids in need. The nationwide initiative, supported by Lunchables, features hundreds of events at local Boys & Girls Clubs throughout September. Find an event near you at http://www.dayforkids.org., We are excited to team up with Dove for their 4th Annual Self Esteem Weekend (October 4-6) celebrating “Girls Unstoppable!” Through a series of workshops and a special kick-off event in New York City on October 3rd, the project is designed to encourage moms and mentors to engage in conversations about beauty, confidence and self-esteem with their daughters., Our very own Jim Clark and newly appointed Youth of the Year, Kianna Knolland, and Amanda Mason, Miss New York 2013, joined together with PBS for American Graduate Day last Saturday to raise awareness of the nation’s high-school dropout crisis and the role Boys & Girls Clubs play in supporting academic success for youth., BGCA, in partnership with Cartoon Network, coordinated national Stop Bullying: Speak Up flag raisings at Clubs starting at Whittier Elementary School/BGCA location., null, Join Disney and Boys & Girls Clubs of America in getting 2 million kids ready for success this Back-to-School season. Text the word FUTURE to 80888 and reply YES to donate $10 to the BGCA Back-to-School program., Can you believe it? It's already here! Come joins us this Saturday for the Dallas-Fort Worth Day for Kids at Trawick Pavilion at Lake Grapevine. To learn more go to http://dayforkids.org/Dallas/, Help BGCA and education advocates around the U.S. make a big impact by supporting the American Graduate Day Thunderclap. Pledge your social voice and look for us on Sept. 28 on PBS stations and online!, Thank you Bon-Ton for Giving the Gift of a Great Future!  These teddy bears hit stores today and benefit the Boys & Girls Clubs!  It’s time for holiday shopping!, For a third weekend in a row BGCA-staffers pulled into a new city and helped celebrate a Day for Kids! This stop was NYC where kids were celebrated no matter their age., Happy Monday morning and Welcome Autumn! It's time to Tell Me Something Good!, Today is National Day for Kids Day! Spend some meaningful time with a kid in your life, or find a local event and celebrate with Boys & Girls Clubs www.dayforkids.org, Our very own Mark Wahlberg hit a major milestone recently - he got this high school diploma. Check out his op-ed where he talks his "toughest role yet." Please take a moment to comment and add your congrats to Mark. We'll make sure he gets them!, We have tons of photos of a whirlwind 24 hours for our YOY finalists, winner and many special guests. Come along on the journey with them!, We've been celebrating all month & this Saturday is the National Day for Kids with more than 2,000 Clubs around the country hosting events and activities. Find an event in your community., We got some #ThrowBackThursday #TBT love from alum General Wes Clark!, Can you believe it? It's already here! Come joins us this Saturday for Day for Kids at the Lucile Palmaro Clubhouse in the Bronx. To learn more go to www.dayforkids.org/newyork, Chandler texted three words and took three lives. “There’s never a day that I wake up that I don’t think about it,” said Chandler. “Texting and driving: #itcanwait, Boys & Girls Clubs of America announces its 2013-2014 National Youth of the Year, Kiana Knolland, a member of Boys & Girls Clubs of South Central Kansas!, Day for Kids Los Angeles was filled with fun and wacky relays this past weekend, all celebrating an important cause! We also had special friends Becky G. and the Laker Girls join us!
 
Make sure to tag yourself if you were there!, Congratulations to RaShaan Allen of Devers Youth Center, Fort Knox, Ky. for becoming our Military Youth of the Year. He will move on to represent the military in our National Youth of the Year competition next week. Best of luck, RaShaan!, Boys & Girls Clubs of Rochester attended the PGA Championship at Oak Hill Country Club in Rochester, NY this week and got a V.I.P. experience from The PGA of America., Can you believe it? It's already here! Come joins us this Saturday for Day for Kids in Central Park at Playa Vista. Learn more below!, BGCA advocates, like you, helped us create this amazing advice for all of our Youth of the Year finalists. We’re excited to share it with them, and all of you!, Our Military Youth of the Year finalists visited the 9/11 Memorial near the Pentagon., It's upon us! Youth of the Year week(s) have arrived. Find out about our new award, Military Youth of the Year, which will allow a kid from a youth center on a military base to compete along side all traditional Youth of the Year competitors. Meet our regional winners!, Hundreds of adults competed on teams alongside local Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta kids at Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Day for Kids field day event in Atlanta’s Piedmont Park on Saturday, September 7. Thanks to Lunchables for their support, along with special guests Ne-Yo, Jackie Joyner-Kersee, and Gail Devers., null, Today we kicked off Day for Kids with a great event in Atlanta. Not able to make it? Here's Ne-Yo to explain why similar events, held all over the country, are important to today's youth. Check out www.dayforkids.org for events in your area., null, Members of the Passport to Manhood program in South Boston had an impromptu lesson from basketball legend and Hall of Famer, Robert “The Chief” Parish. Check it out., We’re gearing up for our Day for Kids kickoff event in Atlanta tomorrow. Check out our staff having some fun with wacky relays and tug-of-war!, Congratulations to the winners of our lunch bag giveaway! Please direct message me with your shipping address!

Julie W. Hudson
Karin Freeman
Mike Dlugos
Glenda Mitchell

It seems that clothes and friends made the top of the back-to-school list. I didn't see homework anywhere. Odd, that., Can you believe it? It's already here! Come joins us and event supporter, Lunchables this Saturday for Day for Kids in Piedmont Park, Atlanta. To learn more go to www.dayforkids.org/atlanta, GIVEAWAY ALERT! If we get 50 comments on this post by noon ET tomorrow, we'll give away 4 lunch kits filled with a few goodies by random drawing.
 
Tell us the best thing about being a KID going back to SCHOOL!, See Journey on tour & help BGCA! Exclusive meet & greet packages with fantastic tickets now on sale to benefit BGCA through @TicketsforCharity! Check it out today., Find out why Boys & Girls Clubs are an important place for kids as told by the kids themselves. Won't you join us for Day for Kids this September? www.dayforkids.org, In one week, we'll be kicking off Day for Kids with a fun-filled event in Atlanta. A big thanks to Lunchables for supporting our event. See how you can participate! www.dayforkids.org/atlanta, And the winners are... BGC of Hudson County, Jersey City, NJ and BGC of Kenosha - Troha Center, Kenosha, WI! Congratulations to both Clubs and thank you to all the voters for participating!, Meet our Youth of the Year finalists from the Southwest region! Kiana Knolland, Boys & Girls Clubs of South Central Kansas, Wichita, Kan., will represent the Southwest at the final competition in D.C. on Sept. 16. Brianna Sheperd, Holloman Air Force Base Youth & Teen Center, Alamogordo, N.M., will represent the Southwest in the military competition for a chance to compete with Kiana in the national finals. See their bios and more at http://bgc.am/kXJq, Boys & Girls Club kids tell you why mentors are an important part of the Boys & Girls Club experience and an important part of their lives. Day for Kids is an important opportunity for the adults in our communities to be a part of the BGC mentor experience. Learn more at www.dayforkids.org, Everyone’s excited about getting ready for the start of the new school year, especially our friends at Disney! Check out this fun PSA running on Disney Channel through Sept 20 featuring Coco Jones, Shaq, and our Youth of the Year, Trei Dudley – all talking about how Boys & Girls Clubs support academic success!, This is it, folks! You have until 8pm ET tonight to vote for your favorite summer vacation Club activity and register to win a $250 gift card from jcpenney or Staples! Two Clubs will win, too! http://www.bgca.org/summervacation Go! Go! Go!, Can one day change a child's future?  BGCA believes the answer is yes! Check out this #dayforkids video to learn more., Meet our Youth of the Year finalists from the Southeast region! Meeri Shin, Boys & Girls Clubs of Cleveland, Tenn. will represent the Southeast at the final competition in D.C. on Sept. 16. Stephanie Nicole Ramer, Southeast Region, Moody Air Force Base Youth Center, Moody Air Force Base, Ga. will represent the Southeast in the military competition for a chance to compete with Yossymar in the national finals. See their bios and more at http://bgc.am/kXJq, Hi, friends! Tell me something good! And then tell me how you're going to make it GREAT!, There are lots of ways to give to Club kids this back-to-school season. Few are easier than playing a game. Play our Supply Drive Trivia Game and help put 40k supply kits in the hands of Club kids. Easy peasy. And maybe a little fun. Okay. A lot of fun!, Meet our Youth of the Year finalists from the Pacific region! Yossymar Rojas from BGC of Capistrano Valley, San Juan Capistrano, Calif. will represent the Pacific at the final competition in D.C. on Sept. 16. Daj’zhane Radford-Walton from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base Youth Programs, Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Ariz. will represent the Pacific in the military competition for a chance to compete with Yossymar in the national finals. See their bios and more at http://bgc.am/kXJq, 16.1 million kids live in poverty. Too many kids are missing out on their childhood. One day can change that. Participate in Day For Kids., Join Disney and BGCA in getting 2 million kids ready for success this Back-to-School season. Text the word FUTURE to 80888 and reply YES to donate $10 to the BGCA Back-to-School program., Get ready Atlanta! National Day for Kids is less than a month away! Go to www.dayforkids.org/atlanta to join us Sept 7th in Piedmont Park!, Did you know one day can change a child's future? Is there one day that changed your life as a young person? Tell us! #dayforkids www.dayforkids.org, Meet our Youth of the Year finalist from Overseas! Xavier R. Thompson from Royal Air Force Station Lakenheath, Suffolk, England will represent the Overseas region in the military competition for a chance to compete against the national finalists. See their bios and more at http://bgc.am/kXJq, Boys & Girls Clubs around the world enjoy special and diverse activities during the out-of-school season, especially in the summer! Check out six of our favorite activities and and vote for your favorite. Two Clubs will win! Once you vote, you can enter to win either a $250 jcpenney or Staples gift card for yourself! www.greatfutures.org/summervacation, With kids returning back to school next week, Cartoon Network’s MOVE IT MOVEMENT TOUR—a summer-long traveling initiative to help fight childhood obesity targeting kids 6-14—concluded its 2013 campaign at LEGOLAND® Florida, welcoming as guests some 200 BGCA members from four Central Florida Boys & Girls Clubs of America., Check out our website for really great resources for summer learning and back-to-school! Everything you need to prepare your child for academic success. www.greatfutures.org/backtoschool, Meet our Youth of the Year finalists from the Northeast region! Martaluz “Martha” Olang from BGC of Hartford, Conn. will represent the Northeast at the final competition in D.C. on Sept. 16. Brandon Shields from Joint Base Andrews Youth Programs, Andrews Air Force Base, Md. will represent the Northeast in the military competition for a chance to compete with Martha in the national finals. See their bios and more at http://bgc.am/kXJq, Create a child's future! Thanks to Fiskars for supporting Club arts programs that foster creativity and help youth achieve great futures., Boys & Girls Clubs around the world enjoy special and diverse activities during the out-of-school season, especially in the summer! Check out six of our favorite activities and and vote for your favorite. Two Clubs will win! Once you vote, you can enter to win either a jcpenney or Staples gift card for yourself!
 
Mobile users: http://bgc.am/kQpf, Thank you to Disney Store, Michaels Stores and Staples for supporting our national supply drive. Please donate supplies to help Clubs in your community., null, DVR Alert! Check out Lifetime's Designing Spaces tomorrow, Thursday, at 7:30 am (ET/PT), for the “Designing Spaces of Hope – Back to School at the Boys and Girls Club” special series segment entitled “Empowering Parents and Kids for the Wireless World.” Parents will learn about how they can manage their children’s cell phone usage and empower them to have conversations with their children about using phones and other mobile devices safely. Don't miss it!, It's started here in Georgia. Anywhere else? Kids headed back to school this week and it's time to share those first day of school pictures! Bonus? Besides showing off your proud back-to-schoolers, you could win prizes like Buckle jeans and Staples gift cards! Get details at www.greatfutures.org/MyFirstDay!, Be a champion for youth! Thanks to Buffalo Wild Wings for their pin-up campaign. From Aug. 5 – Sept. 1, 100% of customers’ donations will support team sports programs., Former Boys & Girls Club members Shaquille O'Neal and his mom Lucille O’Neal joined BGCA President Jim Clark in issuing a Wake Up Call to ensure kids are prepared for a successful school year. The annual event, sponsored by presenting partner jcpenney, and supported by Michael’s, Disney and Radio Disney, highlighted a serious issue: Too many kids lack the tools they need to succeed academically, including physical supplies and a safe place to spend the after-school hours., Check out Bruce Henderson, a board member of the Boys and Girls Club of Southern Maryland, as he speaks about what is important within the Boys and Girls Club and how it helps people to grow., Happy birthday to BGC Alum and National Spokesperson, Jennifer Lopez! Wish her happy birthday and check out her Great Futures video below., Look at the Kips Bay girls working with CA Technologies volunteers!  CA is a committed partner that believes in empowering girls to explore a future in technology. The Tech Girls Rock initiative helps girls discover and cultivate an interest in information technology (IT), and ultimately tech-related educational opportunities and careers., Ready. Set. Give! Help BGCA and Disney put 40,000 school supply kits in the hands of Club kids. Five correct answers = school supplies for a Club kid. Play now and share with your friends so they can make their contribution! www.bgca.org/supplydrive, Ready. Set. Give! Help BGCA and Disney put 40,000 school supply kits in the hands of Club kids. Five correct answers = school supplies for a Club kid. Play now and share with your friends so they can make their contribution!, Last week, 18 Boys & Girls Club teens from around the world participated in a once-in-a-lifetime trip to San Diego for their winning entries into the Digital Arts Festivals and ImageMakers national arts contests. They were honored at an awards gala, participated in career experiences, visited Sony Pictures Studio and Sony Imageworks and experienced a private safari at San Diego’s Wild Animal Park. Thanks to Sony Electronics Inc. and Comcast and NBC Universal for supporting our arts initiatives!, Does your daughter have questions about her first kiss? Her period? Dating? Share them with us and enter to win Beats by Dre, an iPod mini or iTunes gift cards! http://www.bgc.am/j4Dz, Check out who is sharing the BGCA & jcp love! We appreciate Blake Shelton spreading the word to help us raise funds during the jcpenney round-up this month to benefit BGCA!, Play our Supply Drive Game to help us give back-to-school supply kits to 40,000 Club kids! Easy as click, click, give! #Tools4BTS, null, Got questions about… being a woman? BGCA and Kimberly-Clark want to hear from you. Share your questions and enter to win iTunes gift cards or even an iPad mini! 

Mobile users enter at http://bgc.am/j4Dz., Hear from National Youth of the Year Trei Dudley about issues facing our nation's youth today: "I've spoken with so many of my peers about our hopes and fears for the future. Many of us don't feel like we even have a voice.", Thanks to Toyota Financial Services for presenting our 2011-12 National Youth of the Year, Nick Foley, with a brand new Toyota! We appreciate your support of such an extraordinary young man., Are you a cyber smart parent? Take our Cyber Survivor Challenge to find out. Survive all 7 questions and enter to win an iPad mini for you and $500 for your local Club! #CyberSafe, Check out this great photobook about The Michael Phelps Foundation's im  program, featuring photos from local Boys & Girls Clubs swim classes.

Then make your own free Shutterfly photobook here: http://bit.ly/143A1b5 (Offer ends in 3 days!), Do you know what your teen is doing online? Here’s a great article on how to balance their need for privacy with your obligation to protect them. We’re partnering with Sprint to make sure teens have a #CyberSafe future., It's a great day to make a gift to change a child's future! http://bgc.am/jJH0, Learn how to stop #cyberbullying in this great video from Club teens at BGC of L.A. Harbor. http://bgc.am/jJHT Keep your kids #CyberSafe!, American Ballet Theatre soloist and Club alumna Misty Copeland joined BGCA in New York on Wednesday as the new National Youth of the Year Ambassador to kick off the countdown to the 2013-14 awards., TAKE OUR QUIZ: How many American students fail to graduate on time? http://bgc.am/jH0S

America's children are leaving school in greater numbers than ever before. Please help BGCA fight the dropout crisis!, Do you know how many teens have been victims of cyberbullying? 1 in 50? 1 in 10? 1 in 3? Watch our Cyber Survivor video to find out. And don't forget to test your cyber smarts! #CyberSafe, Free eBook Download! Growing Up Online: A Must Have Guide for Parents, Teachers and Kids from The More You Know and NBCUniversal. Start a conversation with your kids about internet safety, and find more resources from BGCA here: http://bgc.am/jvk3, Check out the photos from the ImageMakers National Winners’ Exhibit opening at Youth Art Connection. Thank you Sony and Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta for your support of this exhibit, and congrats to our very talented 16 national winners!, Sprint and Boys & Girls Clubs of America are keeping kids safe online during June’s Internet Safety Month. Take our Cyber Survivor Challenge for a chance to win an iPad mini and $500 for the Club of your choice!, http://CyberSafeFutures.org, null, The Boys & Girls Clubs of Hood County in Granbury, TX, suffered structural damage in this week’s storms.  Our Club members and families are safe, but more than 70 Club members' homes were damaged, and 40 lost their homes altogether. Please help:

Text the word HOOD to 80888 to make a $10 donation to the Club’s relief efforts.

Donate to Boys & Girls Clubs of Hood County: www.bgchoodcounty.org

Send needed items to P.O. Box 9, Granbury, Texas 76048.  Most-useful:  Gift cards to Wal-Mart or Lowes, all types of clothing, blankets., We're teaming up with The ZAC Foundation to share important water safety tips for your family! Here are some of our youngest Club members learning to swim at ZAC Camps water safety classes. How do you encourage water safety in your community?, null, Free Song Download: Saving Money - a featured track from our album release, featuring Clubs kids from across the country set to beats by Grammy-nominated producer Kevin “KHAO” Cates. LIKE if you listened and SHARE if you downloaded!, To celebrate our debut of the world’s first financial literacy hip-hop album, we’re giving an exclusive offer to our fans! Download a free song from our M4: Money Matter$ Music Mogul$ album today! Then LIKE if you listened and SHARE if you downloaded., 60% of teens say violence affecting youth is one of their top three major issues. Sign our petition to make their voices heard, and then share this post! Like if you’ve already signed., Congrats to LeBron James on winning his 4th MVP award, from Boys & Girls Clubs and 4 million Club kids! You continue to inspire us!, Tupperware Brands Corporation is a terrific supporter of our Clubs! Check out their leader, Rick Goings, on his new Facebook page for updates on his involvement with our cause., Are you in the Times Square area this weekend? Stop by 46th & Broadway to see our billboard, thanks to Bank of America!, "It's time more people get involved with shaping the lives of young people." - Gen. Colin Powell. Catch a glimpse of Gen. Powell's interview at our BGC National Conference last week., null, null, null, null, Michaels Stores' Book Drive is going on now. They are collecting books for the Boys & Girls Club of America in their stores. What is your favorite book?, Way to go BGC's Southern Maine Duct Tape Dragons robotics team for your win! Good luck in St. Louis in April for the FIRST World Championship robotics competition!, Boys & Girls Club youth development staff from around the country are in Oklahoma City this week to attend a Tech Center Directors Institute taught by Boys & Girls Clubs of America and sponsored by Dell. Thanks to our trainers and Dell for #poweringthepossible!, Check out what a fantastic weekend we had at NBA All Star Weekend. Congrats to the Western Conference team and all of the wonderful organizations who benefited from Saturday night!, null, null, Quality fitness time doesn't have to mean "exercise!" What ways can you think of for kids to healthy activity without a stopwatch? Check out the photo below for inspiration!, Check out this GREAT welcome back for GMA's Robin Roberts at BGC Gulf Coast!, null, Thank you to all of our wonderful fans! We've just passed the 78,000 mark, heading to 100k like lightening! Together we're going to move mountains in 2013! (Or at least millions of kids towards GREAT futures!), Good morning People of the Page and welcome to 2013! What are the New Year's resolutions that you've made to improve the lives of kids in the coming year?, Hey, guys! Don't miss out! Own an incredible piece of memorabilia and benefit a great cause at the same time! Eight Hours/Taylor Swift is the first of its kind, a 60 page, oversized photo book featuring the 6-time Grammy award winning artist, Taylor Swift, photographed by Nigel Barker. This individually numbered special edition is signed by both Taylor Swift and Nigel Barker and was donated by Sony Electronics Inc. to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. http://bgc.am/fbCv Click Like if you love Taylor Swift and Nigel Barker!, Own an incredible piece of memorabilia and benefit a great cause at the same time! Eight Hours/Taylor Swift is the first of its kind, a 60 page, oversized photo book featuring the 6-time Grammy award winning artist, Taylor Swift, photographed by Nigel Barker. This individually numbered special edition is signed by both Taylor Swift and Nigel Barker and was donated by Sony Electronics Inc. to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. http://bgc.am/fbCv, We have some awesome announcements coming up soon. Right now only about 1% of our many followers can see our messages because of Facebook's policies. We want to make sure EVERYONE is in on what's coming up! Make sure you SEE them here in Facebook by going to our Page, hovering over the Like button and selecting "Show in News Feed." Thanks!, Photo credit German Alegria, null, Lowe’s will be distributing 22,000 free Thanksgiving meals to the communities hardest hit in NY and NJ on Wednesday. These should feed over 136,000 people. The link below contains more information, including the locations that are participating. Best wishes to all of you!, null, Matt Petit / Image Group LA, null, null, Thank you, Denzel Washington! Denzel has been a spokesperson for BGCA for 20 years! And that's in addition to his time spent at the Club as kid. We are so grateful for his support that we created this video. We hope you enjoy it and share it with your friends! #Denzel20, Members of the Boys & Girls Club of West Cook County were treated to a special tour of the Ryder Cup festivities in Medinah, IL last Wednesday accompanied by LA Laker and golf enthusiast Chris Duhon. The next day Chris as well as several local PGA pros conducted an incredible golf clinic back at the Club. Check out the great photos from the special experience. Thanks to the PGA and Chris for giving our kids a great experience., Sears and BGCA Team Up to Stop Bullying! Your donation will support BGCA's nationwide anti-bullying programs, as well as non-profit partners in Sears' Team Up to Stop Bullying initiative. Team Up to Stop Bullying aims to bring solutions quickly and effectively to bullying victims, families, educators and communities., We presented PGA CEO, Joe Steranka, with the Champion of Youth Award during our Chairman’s reception 9/25. Steranka, who is also a BGC alum, was recognized for his leadership, service and guidance to improve the quality of life for young people. To learn more visit http://chairmansdinner.bgca.org. You can also double your impact and make a donation to BGCA – the Sun-Times Foundation will match donations up to $25,000 through December 12, 2012., This is it! We're in the home stretch of our Back To School Supply Drive Game co-sponsored by Disney! We're 104 donations away from 22k supplies donated. Can you get us there by the 9/30 deadline?, Keep your eyes on Buffalo Bills wide receiver Stevie Johnson this season. For every TD he scores you could score a brand new VIZIO TV and so could a Boys & Girls Club! Down! Set! WAIT! You have to register! To learn more about VIZIO’s “TDs for TVs” and to register for the program, please visit the VIZIO facebook page: www.facebook.com/vizio., How are you on the basketball court? Win the grand prize trip to Miami, sink a half-court shot, and you’ll score $75,000 yourself and $75,000 for Boys & Girls Clubs of America and The LeBron James Family Foundation. And there are weekly prizes!  http://lebron.mycarmex.com/ Please share!, null, W00T! Lunchables is building our kids an ULTIMATE sports court as part of their donation of up to $100,000 to Boys & Girls Clubs. But, we need your help! Visit this link, upload a fun photo, and generate a $1 donation. Then play the instant win game for instant boredom busters for your home. And don't forget to click Share so you can see your friends' fun photos, too!, Tune in! Tomorrow around 6:30pm ET BGCA will be taking part in a PBS live TV event "American Graduate Day" to discuss the education crisis in America and what local organizations are doing to combat the dropout epidemic. Pres Jim Clark, former National YOY Mona Dixon, and Club alumni ballerina Misty Copeland and actor Courtney B. Vance will appear. Denzel Washington will be featured in taped interviews discussing the dropout problem on PBS NewsHour. Check your listings! http://bgc.am/pbs, We've had an AMAZING few days here at BGCA with our Youth of the Year celebration and announcement (Congrats Trei!) as you know if you followed along on Twitter. You can get a full recap about our time with the Regional YOYs and Michael Phelps, plus info on BGCA's new plan at http://bgc.am/8R. Please check it out and then SHARE it with your friends., Today, Microsoft Corp. announced a new global initiative, Microsoft YouthSpark, that aims to create opportunities for 300 million youth in more than 100 countries during the next three years. As part of this initiative, BGCA will launch the “Great Futures Challenge” which will encourage teens in our Clubs to develop ideas that solve business and societal issues., Michael Phelps: A Champion of Youth.  
BGCA proudly awarded its Champion of Youth Award to a true hero, Michael Phelps, to recognize his longtime commitment to Club members nationwide. http://bgc.am/8Q,  And the Winner Is . . .
Meet Trei Dudley, a Club member of Boys & Girls Club of Lawrence (Kansas), who will represent millions of youth as our National Youth of the Year! Congratulations, Trei! http://bgc.am/8P, So excited! Tomorrow night I get to meet our Regional Youth of the Year! I'll be bringing you photos and comments on the YOY celebration... but only on Twitter! Then Wednesday morning, you'll want to tune in again for the National YOY Announcement. And along the way you might get a little somethin' somethin' on National YOY Ambassador Ashanti, co-spokesperson Denzel Washington, and BGCA friend Michael Phelps. Just sayin'!, It's that time of year again - time to name our 2012 Youth of the Year! Our new YOY will be named Wednesday morning. And this year, I'll be there live tweeting all of the events! Just follow our Twitter feed starting Tuesday night for all the info and pics! I might even have some info/pics about BGCA friends like Ashanti, Denzel and Michael Phelps! https://twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs, Let’s Play!  Tomorrow hundreds of spectacular Day for Kids events are taking place around the world.  Join the celebration attend an event near you., Hopscotch, Four Square and Ring Toss are a few ways you can spend meaningful time with the young person in your life.  Check out our list of 50. http://dayforkids.org/its_about_time/index.html, I want to give a shout out to our partner, Toyota Financial Services, for being named Community Service 2012 Company of the Week by Financial Services Roundtable for their efforts to establish a solution to the national drop-out crisis. TFS has partnered with BGCA to develop Diplomas to Degrees, a program designed to help Club kids graduate from high school and complete college. Way to go!, Did you know that 1 in 5 children in the US live in poverty?  That means 16 million kids will go without basic school supplies this year. BGCA is there to help! So is Staples with their Staples for Students campaign. You can help, too! Just DoSomething!, Join the celebration! Day for Kids is Saturday.  Tell us how you plan to spend meaningful time with the young person in your life. www.dayforkids.org, It's the LAST WEEK, folks! This is your last chance to step up to the plate for BGCA and knock one outta the park for your chance to head to the World Series! Let's GO TO BAT! www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat, No text is worth dying for. That’s why BGCA is supporting AT&T's commitment to putting an end to texting and driving. All drivers can take the It Can Wait pledge then share their promise and join the no-texting-and-driving movement #itcanwait., Boys & Girls Clubs of Arlington, TX joined ESPN College Gameday on Saturday, September 1, 2012 at Cowboys Stadium.  Alabama Crimson Tide vs. Michigan Wolverines. Thanks to BGC supporter Desmond Howard for making this great opportunity possible for our kids!, Wow! Almost 22,000 school supplies given to kids so far in our Tools for Back To School #Play2Give game! That leaves nearly 8,800 left to be donated, but only if you play the game! http://bgc.am/bts Share with your friends and help us start the year strong!, Thanks to all of our advocates for continuing to Go To Bat for BGCA! Ryan Howard has a few real world batting tips just for you! I tried out the tips at the beach last week. Major fail. I think it was the wiffle ball I was using. But you can be an All Star Slugger for BGCA at www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat!, At a stop on her concert tour in Atlanta, BGCA co-spokesperson Jennifer Lopez gave a warm shout out to her Boys & Girls Clubs experience and to the organization. The moment was heartfelt with many BGC staff in attendance – including BGCA President Jim Clark. Jennifer continues to be a wonderful advocate for Clubs and kids. Thank you J. Lo!, Popcorn, paper and pencils! When you go to the movies in September, bring school supplies to your Regal theatres to support Boys & Girls Clubs in your community.  Thanks for helping our kids! http://bgc.am/8N, Amazing. @Lunchables is building our kids an ULTIMATE sport court, as part of their donation of up to $100,000 to Boys & Girls Clubs. But, we need your help! Visit this link, upload a fun photo and generate a $1 donation. Thank you! http://bgc.am/8L, Time is running out to round up for change! By shopping at your local jcpenney during the month of August, you can round your purchases up to the next dollar and proceeds will benefit both your local Boys & Girls Club and 4H. Click share and grab a shopping buddy!, What’s one reason you go to bat for BGCA? Get ready to step up to the plate in a whole new way! Hit home runs and you can and win 18K for us and a World Series® trip for you. Batter up at www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat, In celebration of a new school year, Disney Store North America will donate a school supply pack to Club youth for every specially-marked backpack purchased June 26-Sept 7. Share with your friends and help us get more supplies to Club kids. Click here to find locations: http://www.disneystore.com/store-locator/mn/1001278/, How hard it is to keep up with homework without a computer at home? Get access to special discounts through Dell's Storefront, which supports Boys & Girls Clubs of America, through the link below., null, Today is our Back To School Wake Up Call in NYC! Keke Palmer will be joining us with hundreds of kids getting ready to get back into the classroom. Join our live tweet on Twitter starting at 10am ET! Www.bgca.org/twitter, null, Tomorrow! Join me in NYC! Can't make it in time? Scared of flying? Just log into Twitter and follow the fun. Live tweeting from our Back To School Wake Up Call event Tuesday from 10-noon ET. https://twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs I'll be posting tons of pics of our friend, Keke Palmer!, We keep asking you, our advocates, to Go To Bat for BGCA. But how do WE Go To Bat for you? Check out this wonderful video to learn more. Then go to www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat and play Go To Bat for a BGCA donation and a trip to the World Series for yourself!, Club kids from BGC Austin's Game Tech program visited AMD to learn about the company and interact with employees last week. Check out the pics!, You can donate creative supplies to BGCs in special drop boxes at Michaels stores across the country. What art room doesn't need more COLOR?! Find locations at http://bit.ly/Lj4oFH. As always, our Clubs appreciate your donations. We couldn't do it without you! Please share!, Check out our Back To School Wake Up Call event in NYC on Tuesday with Keke Palmer! We'll be live tweeting the event, so join us 8/21 from 10-noon ET for photos and updates from the party!, Toyota is giving away 100 cars to nonprofits. Today and tomorrow, your vote could help a local Boys & Girls Club be one of the recipients! Voting is open now! Please help support out local Clubs!, Local Radio Disney stations across the country will host school supply drives in the coming weeks and team up with BGCA in support of our annual Day for Kids and Back To School events! Listen for these events featuring music, interactive entertainment and prizes hosted by the local Radio Disney Road Crews!, Fan of The Help? The lovely The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences/ The Oscars Award Winner Octavia Spencer has gifted us a limited edition (1 of only 3) photo print to be auctioned to benefit BGCA! The print is autographed by Ms. Spencer and world-renowned photographer Douglas Kirkland. http://www.ebay.com/itm/170895509465 Please share!, When was the first BGC opened? You'll need to know that + 4 other trivia answers to give Clubs supplies for kids. You blew out the first round of our Playing=Giving School Supply Drive so fast we thought we'd make things more entertaining! Play now at http://bgc.am/BTS. Share with a friend and see who has more to give!, Want to win $18,000 for Boys & Girls Clubs of America and a World Series trip? Play the #GoToBat game now! We're currently in LAST PLACE, guys! Do us a good one and SHARE with your friends! Please?, Have you checked out our web freebies this month? We have great resources for parents on everything from helping kids set goals, time management, homework and college readiness tips! http://bgc.am/BTS, It's been a while so... TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD! I want to hear it all!, Youth from the Charleston Air Force Base Boys & Girls Clubs were given a VIP Tour as part of the PGA Championship at The Ocean Course. Tour stops included the Media Center, Media Interview Room, Golf Shop and Mercedes Benz Performance Center. They also had their photo taken with the Wanamaker Trophy., Sears' shop to stop bullying initiative is tomorrow, August 11th! A portion of total apparel purchases will go to antibullying charities, including BGCA. Full details on the initiative and tomorrow's shopping event can be found below. Take a friend!, We're sharing the last work of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the film category for the 13-15 age group, is by Tyler G. from BGC of the Peninsula. It is titled “The Road to Success.” For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., What’s the most fun you’ve had raising money for charity? Get ready to top it. Play the @StateFarm Go to Bat game. You can win $18K for Boys & Girls of America and a @MLB World Series® trip for yourself. Batter up! www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat See how much fun it can be in this video with Ryan Howard!, It's election season! This month, when you catch a film at Regal, order a blue frozen drink and Regal will donate 50 cents to BGCA (red supports our friends at St. Jude!). Take the Regal Straw Vote and ROCK IT with a blue tongue and brain freeze! Please share and invite your friends to a film., The 2012 Confidence Award was presented, by Head & Shoulders, to 7-year-old William Watson III from Knoxville, Tenn., who after a near-drowning experience overcame his fear of the water and is now the youngest member of his Boys & Girls Club swim team!  While in London, William and his mom were able to attend several competitions for his favorite sport -- swimming. Check out these amazing photos and post your congrats to William below. See more here! http://bgc.am/8I , What is your most expensive “tool for back to school?” We’re willing to bet that it’s the computer most kids need to stay ahead of the curve. Get access to special discounts through Dell's Storefront, which supports Boys & Girls Clubs of America, through the link below. (And to think my mom complained about the $100 graphing calculator I had to have for Pre-Cal!), Help out two local clubs during one day of shopping! By shopping at your local jcpenny during the month of August, you can round your purchases up to the next dollar and proceeds will benefit both your local Boys & Girls Club and 4H. Spare change can make a huge difference in supporting afterschool programs that inspire and empower kids across America. Click share and grab a shopping buddy!, Thirteen Boys & Girls Club teens from across the country, Japan and Germany traveled to Philadelphia this week for a first-class experience. The teens were all national winners in BGCA’s Digital Arts Festivals sponsored by Comcast, Microsoft, Sony and AMD. Monday night Comcast rolled out the red carpet for the winners as they hosted an awards gala in their honor. The teens spent Tuesday enjoying behind-the-scenes looks at career experiences at Comcast studio and Sony Electronics Store. , Teen members from the Wissahickon Club of the Boys & Girls clubs of Philadelphia are crew members on the set of “The Stream”, a feature film being produced entirely by teens with the support of Dreaming Tree Films.  Check out the teens in action! , Not to play favorites, but we're going to SHARE one of our favorites... National Co-Spokesperson Denzel Washington is flying high this month on Delta's SKY Magazine. Check out his cover story at http://deltaskymag.delta.com/Sky-Extras/Favorites/Denzel-Washington.aspx and share it with your favorites!, BGCA is making sure Club kids are prepared to start the year off right. Check out the POP QUIZ Supply Drive Game, where playing = giving. Every correct answer puts needed supplies in the hands of Club youth. Play and then SHARE! (We love your shares!), Check out this moving story that aired on NBC’s Olympic Zone last night about William, a 7 year old member from Boys & Girls Clubs of Tennessee Valley who got to meet his swimming hero!, Time to get ready for a new school year! jcpenney salons will offer free haircuts for students grades K-6 during the month of August. To kick off the promotion, jcpenney will donate $1 to BGCA and 4H for every free haircut on Aug. 1. That's tomorrow, folks! Find a salon near you and don't forget to share!, null, Want to win $18,000 for BGCA? How about a @MLB World Series® trip? Play the @StateFarm Go To Bat game! Step up to the plate at www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat Please share!, Check it out! You can donate creative supplies to BGCs at special drop boxes at Michaels stores across the country. What art room doesn't need more COLOR?! Find locations at http://bit.ly/Lj4oFH. As always, our Clubs appreciate your donations. We couldn't do it without you! Please share!, Great news! Publishers Clearing House has reached their goal of 25,000 plays, so BGCA will get a $5,000 bonus for a total donation of $30,000!  Even better news - Instant Prizes are still up for grabs, so play Legacy Lane now!, BGC Alumni Hall of Famer, Lucille O'Neal (and Shaq's mom, natch), talks about Summer Brain Drain on NBC News' Education Nation. Take a look at what our former Club kid has to say about learning loss and how BGC makes a difference., What’s one reason you go to bat for BGCA? Get ready to step up to the plate in a whole new way! Hit home runs and you can and win $18K for us and a World Series® trip for you. Batter up at www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat Pssst... that's me on the left!, Woo hoo! We have over 60,000 AMAZING advocate followers on our Facebook page! We just want you to know how amazing we think you all are and how much we appreciate you for supporting kids and communities. However, did you know that, of you 60,000, fewer than 10,000 of you get to see any given post we create? That's Facebook for you! So in order to spread our mission far and wide, we need our advocates to SHARE the messages that they see. This will help us grow in several ways, not just in followers, but in reaching the followers we already have. Thank you!, 16,000,000 students will go to school this year without the supplies they need. When you visit Staples July 1 - Sept. 15, donate school supplies to help youth in need start the school year off right. You can also check out http://www.dosomething.org/staples for other fun ways to help!, Toyota is giving away 100 cars to nonprofits. Today and tomorrow, your vote could help a local Boys & Girls Club be one of the recipients! Voting is open now! Please help support out local Clubs!, Don’t miss out on this delicious opportunity! Today through Sunday ONLY, enjoy a decadent dessert at your favorite Pappas Restaurant and help support the Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Check out all the locations below!, Publishers Clearing House recently visited Glen Cove Boys & Girls Club at Lincoln House to visit with our club members.  Check out the video! And don’t forget - each time you play Legacy Lane, PCH is donating $1 to BGCA up to $25,000! http://bit.ly/Legacy_Lane, Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the film category for the 13-15 age group, is by Courtney T., Cheyanne L., and Alexandria D. from BGC of Oshkosh. It is titled “Acceptance.” For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., What’s the most fun you’ve had raising money for charity? Get ready to top it. Play the State Farm Go to Bat game. You can win $18K for BGCA and a MLB World Series trip for yourself. Batter up!
www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat, Have your dessert AND support Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Visit your nearest participating Pappas Restaurant from July 16 to July 22 and a portion of the proceeds will benefit BGCA! Indulge in Pecan Pie, Sopapillas, Banana Pudding, Tres Leches, or other favorites @ Pappasitos Cantina, Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen, Pappas Bar-B-Q, Pappas Burger, Pappas Seafood House or Yia Yia Mary’s Greek Kitchen., Olympic legends Dominique Dawes, Evander Holyfield, Jackie Joyner-Kersee and Gail Devers, along with Coke and WellPoint, joined kids from BGC Atlanta at the Triple Play Summer Games! The park was turned into a virtual Olympic playground with kids going through 5 training stations and learning about the 3 components of the Triple Play program - mind, body and soul., Publishers Clearing House is donating $25,000 to BGCA!  PCH is also giving YOU the chance to win cash and prizes instantly and even enter the $5,000.00 A Week “Forever” contest – play Legacy Lane NOW for your chance to win!, Good morning, folks! It's rainy and dark here in ATL, so help me shine a light on things! What's happening in the world? TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD!, Check out this great blog by our friend, Keke Palmer, "Listen to Tomorrow’s Leaders, Today" at NBC News Education Nation., Good morning, folks! I gave you the wrong link on Sunday to play Legacy Lane from Publishers Clearing House. Can't have that! For a chance to win cash and prizes instantly and even enter to win $5,000 Every Week “Forever” on August 31st, click the corrected link below. And hey, each time YOU play, PCH is donating $1 to BGCA, up to $25,000! Good luck!, If you had $18,000 for Boy & Girls Club, what would you spend it on?  Play the @StateFarm Go to Bat game and you can win $18K for us, and a @MLB World Series® trip for yourself!  Step up to the plate!, Monday evening, MLB and State Farm's Home Run Derby offered numerous Club kids the chance of a lifetime -- to meet MLB heroes and to show support for their Club. Each participating player was accompanied on the field by a Kansas City area Club member, whose Club received a donation based on that player's performance. Derby winner Prince Fielder represented 17-year-old Axton Buchta from the Fort Leavenworth Child and Youth Services Boys & Girls Club, which received a $50,000 donation for their teen center!, 2012 MLB All-Star Game tonight! We’re watching. You should too! BGCA is An Official Charitable Partner of Major League Baseball. Look out for our fantastic PSAs which air during the broadcast on FOX. And if you look closely, you’ll see BGCA proudly displayed on field signage., "There's no place like home" except when you're in Kansas City at the State Farm Home Run Derby. MLB partnered with 8 Club kids who have the chance to earn $50,000 towards renovations for their Club. Watch tonight at 8pm EDT on ESPN!, You can play Legacy Lane for a chance to win cash and prizes instantly and even enter to win $5,000 Every Week “Forever” on August 31st from Publishers Clearing House.  Each time YOU play, PCH is donating $1 to BGCA, up to $25,000!  Click below to play. Good luck!, Play Ball!  Tune in all week for the 2012 Major League Baseball All-Star Week festivities to see Boys & Girls Club youth have baseball dreams come true. Thanks MLB!, Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the film category for the 10-12 age group, is by Leticia G. from BGC of the Peninsula. It is titled "Lead to Achieve." For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., Toyota is giving away 100 cars to nonprofits. Today and tomorrow, your vote could help a local Boys & Girls Club be one of the recipients! Voting is open now! Please help support out local Clubs!, null, Club member William, of BGC Tennessee Valley, was selected to attend the Olympic trials in Omaha and meet his hero Michael Phelps, thanks to The Michael Phelps Foundation and NBC., R&B artist, songwriter and producer Raphael Saadiq visited the Boys & Girls Club of Santa Monica last week.  A Club alum himself from Oakland, CA, Saddiq spent time touring the facility and led Club members in an energizing drum circle and music lesson., Congratulations to Alumni Hall of Famer Anthony Ervin on making the U.S. Olympic team! Next time we see him will be in London! Go Anthony!, BGCA would like to take a moment to thank Sprint for sponsoring our internet safety month and inspiring Cyber Safe Futures. Get great resources for keeping kids safe online at the site below and participate in the site experience!, We had a GREAT day yesterday with NBA Cares and several NBA draft prospects (3 of whom are former Club kids!) who held a fitness clinic for our kids. Have a look at the great photos and share them with your friends! , Eighth-grader Margarite shared more than “I love you” texts with her new boyfriend. She shared a full length nude photo of herself, a practice known as “sexting.” A few weeks later that same photo started making the rounds of her community and many lives were forever changed.

What would you do if you found evidence of sexting on your child’s mobile phone? Read the full story at the link below and tell us what you think on our website., Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the film category for the 6-9 age group, is by  Bitanyai G., Kai R., and Akira M. from BGC of Bellevue. It is titled "Changing Lives Everyday." For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., You know your kids text, but do you know if your child has been sexting? What about text or phone bullying or harassing? Let our Club kids give you some perspective. Then learn more at http://www.bgca.org/cybersafe/Pages/mobile-smarts.html., Toyota is giving away 100 cars to nonprofits. Today and tomorrow, your vote could help a local Boys & Girls Club be one of the recipients! Voting is open now! Please help support out local Clubs!, [BLOG] Kdz 2day nd net sfty. Clbr8 ISM! (Translation: Kids today need Internet safety. Celebrate Internet Safety Month!), We're on Pinterest! Check out our new pins while we test this new social medium. Pin away, friends. Pin away!, Congratulations to our eight adventurous Club members who won the Jeep Dream Adventure Contest! Each winner will receive a host of prizes including a Jeep-themed celebration for over 200 of their closest friends! Check out their winning entries below!, What can $75 and a few bits of personal information buy you online? One heck of a fake ID. Check! How about a lifetime of debt? Double check! How do you teach your children about identity theft and sharing sensitive information online? Check out the article on our site below and let us know what you think!, Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the animation category for the 16-18 age group, is by Edgar S. from BGC Metro Denver. It is titled "Stalker Status." For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., You know your kids are online, but do you know if your child has shared identifying information with strangers? What about photos or passwords? Let our Club kids give you some perspective., Raphael Saddiq visits the Boys & Girls Club of Santa Monica!, Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the animation category for the 13-15 age group, is by Malcolm C. and Shyheem T. from BGC King County. It is titled "Water vs Energy Drink Triathlon." For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., Check it out! President Obama stopped by BGC of Cleveland this afternoon! , Social media sites are “spaces where much of the social activity of teen life is echoed and amplified—in both good and bad ways.” Do you agree? Does the good outweigh the bad? Why? Let us know what you think and then share this with your friends and extend the conversation., Guess who stopped by our offices today! “For me, it was being in a positive environment, a place to do homework, a place that was always open … a place that you could depend on,” said CC Sabathia of the Continentals of Omega Boys & Girls Club in Vallejo, Calif. The N.Y. Yankees pitcher added that he saw his first baseball game and basketball game at the Club. “A lot of experiences came from the Club.”, Summertime is HERE! Time to TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD, y'all! What's happening in the Clubs?, On May 31, senior leaders from HHS, EPA, and HUD met at The Arc, a Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington (D.C.) facility, to discuss federal programs to assist underserved kids with asthma. , You know your teens are online, most using social networking sites, but what about kids under the age of 13? Are you teaching them appropriate online behavior? If not, who is? Let our Club kids give you some perspective., Cyberbullying is all over the news, but do you know if your child has been cyberbullied? Have they pulled cyber pranks themselves? Let our Club kids give you some perspective., Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the animation category for the 10-12 age group, is by Sheridan B., Dakota B., and Hailey R from BGC Porter County. It is titled "The Adventures of Colt LaHonda." For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., Has your child or a friend ever been cyberbullied? Has your child ever engaged in cyberbullying another child? What actions did you take? See how one mom reacted when she encountered her teen's cyberbully and share your feedback., Boys & Girls Clubs of America places a primary focus on child safety and is committed to ensuring the safe futures of youth, including providing tips and tools to safely navigate an ever-expanding online world. We have launched www.CyberSafeFutures.org to educate young people and the adults that care for them on important media safety issues and arming parents and guardians with resources needed to have an open dialogue on tough safety topics. Check out the website and this overview video! , Toyota is giving away 100 cars to nonprofits. Today, your vote could help a local Boys & Girls Club be one of the recipients! Voting is open now! Please help support out local Clubs!, null, Let's hear it everyone! Time to give SHOUT OUTS to your graduates! Please note if they are BGC kids! Go!, [Blog] Not one of us achieves graduation milestones alone. Someone nurtured, supported and nagged us along the way to push us forward to this accomplishment. How can Boys & Girls Clubs help?, We're halfway there! Help us support teen outreach programs by donating $1 to Taco Bell’s Graduate to Go National Fundraiser. All funds will help support teen outreach programs and local Boys & Girls Clubs designed to help keep kids in school. Follow Taco Bell on Facebook and Twitter for more info on how you can help. (And check out the link below to see our very own Mona Dixon with Mark Wahlberg!) , Senior leaders from several Federal agencies are meeting at Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington today to discuss how to better coordinate Federal services to combat this important health issue affecting our youth. Thanks HHS, EPA and HUD!, Studies show that kids gain weight faster in the summer. Make sure your kids engage in a healthy lifestyle at a Boys & Girls Club!, “Children are like wet cement. Whatever falls on them makes an impression.” - Dr. Haim Ginnot (via @missionsociety), Over the next few weeks we'll be sharing the the works of our Digital Arts Festival winners in Movie Tech! Today's movie, in the animation category for the 6-9 age group, is by Evelyn A. and Jacqueline A. of BGC Metro Denver, entitled “Best Friends”. For more info, visit www.FacesOfTheFuture.org., Today we remember those who have died while serving in the United States Armed Forces. Thank you for your sacrifices and for our freedoms., If you are planning special activities this Memorial Day weekend, be safe and HAVE FUN! It's the perfect time to connect with family. Enjoy!, Congrats to Paul Spengler, @PebbleBeachResorts, for receiving BGCA's Herbert Hoover Humanitarian Award for his support of our mission & kids!, Three out of four American teens think people who get together to form groups can have a REAL impact on policy. Learn more here by checking out BGCA's Teens Speak Up Survey!, Help us support teen outreach programs by donating $1 to Taco Bell’s Graduate to Go National Fundraiser. All funds will help support teen outreach programs and local Boys & Girls Clubs designed to help keep kids in school. Follow Taco Bell on Facebook and Twitter for more info on how you can help., Check out this fantastic new video aired recently on CBS about the BGCA & PGA/USGA partnership. Looks like Club kids are going to have an excellent time learning the game, and values, of golf!, Did you know that 3 out of 10 kids won't graduate on time? According to a Harris study, 90% of Club alumni earned a diploma or equivalent!, Thanks to SCOTTS Lawn Care Products, the Official Lawn Care Company of Major League Baseball, and its loyal Facebook fans for raising $150,000 to help young baseball players at Boys & Girls Clubs across the country have the opportunity to take the field and enjoy the outdoors. To learn more about Scotts and enter for a chance to win all-star and world series tickets, go to www.facebook.com/Scotts.

, HS seniors aren't the only ones graduating! Some 5th graders get graduation, too! What words of wisdom do you have for them?, What single piece of advice would you give high school graduates?, All the talk around here is about final exams and summer plans. Have you ever attended a Club summer program? What was the highlight?, It's been a while, folks... time to TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD! What's going on in the Clubs?!, Did you miss out on our virtual Club tours? Check them out now! [Video] http://bgc.am/tour, BGCA and Staples Foundation, the private charitable arm of Staples, Inc., recently announced Shay Cardenas, an advisor and education director for the Torch Club of the Boys & Girls Club of Metro Denver, as the recipient of the second annual Torch Bearer Award. Read more about the honor and recipient by clicking below! Congrats Shay! , 5 Great Reasons to Consider Majoring in Tech (STEM) (via @College_Experts), null, Concerts, Theater, Sports – Oh My! You can get great tickets to see Gavin DeGraw or Wicked on Broadway or the San Francisco Giants and more . . .  Get exclusive tickets thru TicketsforCharity.com and directly benefit Boys & Girls Clubs! , It's time to meet America's Most Inspirational Mom! Click below to meet this exceptional Mom of Moms!, "Asserting that democracy is not inherited at birth but rather learned in school, O'Connor founded the educational nonprofit group iCivics in 2009 to secure America's governance and prepare the next generation of citizens and leaders. On Wednesday, O'Connor announced an expansion of that program to include the Boys & Girls Club of America, which has almost 4,000 clubs serving 4.1 million youngsters." , Watch Michael Phelps this Sunday on 60 Minutes as he talks about his work with Boys & Girls Clubs of America!, Almost time to wrap up this year’s Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference. We hope everyone leaves NOLA inspired and armed with great information and messages for their Clubs. Travel safely!, Check out last night's Alumni Hall of Fame honorees. We'll try to get photos from last night up later today!, From Masters and Mentors and the Herbert Hoover Humanitarian Award, to Jim Clark's coming out and former-Justice Sandra Day O'Connor! We have had a great time with leadership and community. Check it out!, Great morning in San Diego! We woke up with Triple Play and got our motors running and geared up for a great day here at conference! I’d post pictures, but some of us don’t look our best that early in the morning…, If you would like to follow the progress of tonight’s 2012 Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame awards, please join us on Twitter as we tweet live. Follow us at @bgca_clubs. For a recap of events tomorrow morning, check out www.bgca.org. , We would like to extend a special THANK YOU to Courtney B Vance, a 2005 Boys & Girls Club of America Alumni Hall of Fame honoree, for returning to MC tonight’s Alumni Hall of Fame event. This is Courtney’s 6th time hosting the event for us and we’re certain he’ll put on a great show!, TODAY is the start of the 2012 Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference. Thank you to everyone who has made this year possible., Photos from Alumni Hall of Fame day in San Diego., Thank you Major League Baseball and the San Diego Padres for welcoming the BGC family to tonight’s game against the Milwaukee Brewers! We’re looking forward to a great evening!, Please note that, during our National Conference, we will have increased posts on our Twitter channel to cover the highlights. If you’d like to follow events, please follow us! Let us know if you have any special requests and we’ll try to cover them for you. , Every day kids across the country take to the playing fields at Boys & Girls Clubs. SCOTTS Lawn Care Products, the Official Lawn Care Company of Major League Baseball, wants those playing fields to be green and healthy. That’s why Scotts has partnered with Boys & Girls Clubs of America and is donating $1 for every “like” on their Facebook page to support outdoor activities. Please “like” them today! , It’s Boys & Girls Clubs National Conference week. We’re headed to San Diego, CA for informative sessions, expert speakers and loads of fun. Can’t wait for Wednesday night when we induct 9 amazing alumni into our Hall of Fame!, Oneida Boys Club taught Ernest Stevens Jr. how to be a kid and got him back into school. His much-needed male role models gave him the chance to compete in sports and helped him develop self-discipline. Now, the highly respected Native American civil rights advocate joins our Alumni Hall of Fame., Boys & Girls Clubs of America and CA Technologies are showing their commitment to girls and technology through Tech Girls Rock. Check out this video on how these workshops are helping girls discover an interest in tech-related educational and career opportunities. (Video) , The Continentals of Omega Boys & Girls Club offered CC Sabathia a safe place to go after school and the chance to attend an MLB game. Now the successful NY Yankees’ pitcher and charitable foundation founder will become a BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame inductee., Ne-Yo found safety and guidance at his Boys & Girls Club in Las Vegas. Over the years he’s returned to Clubs and shared his experiences and hugs. Next week the Grammy winner will be inducted into BGCA’s Alumni Hall of Fame. , Darren and his three brothers attended the Boys & Girls Club for five years while their father was stationed at Langley Air Force Base. There, Darren overcame his shyness and discovered his talent for leadership. This year, Air Force Major General Darren W. McDew joins our Alumni Hall of Fame., null, Playwright and lyricist David Lindsay-Abaire began writing – quite literally banging out poems on a typewriter – at the Boys & Girls Club of South Boston. He hasn’t stopped writing since. This year he joins us as an Alumni Hall of Fame inductee., AT&T U-verse chronicled Boys & Girls Clubs of America in their current episode of “INSPIRED” as an opportunity to highlight the organization’s innovation, hard work and dedication to having a positive impact on young lives across America. The film tells our story through the eyes of former National Youth of the Year Mona Dixon, who shares her powerful journey from the streets of Tempe to meeting President Obama. Please take a few minutes to watch this beautiful piece and then SHARE it with your friends. , Academy Award winner Cuba Gooding Jr. wanted a place to breakdance. Boys & Girls Club of Tustin gave him that, and so much more. They kept Cuba off the streets and on track to succeed in school. Now he’s joining our Alumni Hall of Fame. , Olympic gold medal swimmer Anthony Ervin was a role model at BGC of Santa Clarita Valley (CA). At the Club, he helped other members refine critical swimming skills such as hand placement and breathing technique. Next week he’ll join our Alumni Hall of Fame. How many medals and titles does he have?, Special thanks to K&G Fashion Superstore for celebrating BGC Week! Text "BGCA" to 79999 and K&G Fashion Superstores will donate $1 to BGCA!, Ballerina Misty Copeland began dancing in the gym of the San Pedro BGC at age 13 and became the American Ballet Theatre’s first African-American soloist in two decades. This year the soloist joins us as an Alumni Hall of Fame inductee. What famous pop/rock “artist” did Misty dance for in the 2000’s? , Emmy winner Powers Booth was 9 when he joined Snyder Boys Club (TX) in 1959. Playing on the Club football and basketball teams taught him to work hard and to treat others with respect. This year he joins us as an Alumni Hall of Fame inductee. What TV shows or films have you seen him in?, National Conference is only 10 days away! We’ll start announcing our Alumni Hall of Fame inductees this afternoon and throughout the week, Thank you to everyone who participated in National Boys & Girls Club Week! We had a great time! Now it’s time to announce the winner of the Blue Door Duel, and a Sony camcorder, is… BGC of Watertown in Watertown, SD!, Open the door. Take the tour. Visit a local Club to learn why Great Futures begin at a Boys & Girls Club. , Thanks to Party City for helping us stock up on décor for BGC Week celebrations. They’re helping you support BGCA, too, with $1 pin-up available in-store until May 5!, [Blog] Nearly one-third of children and teens in the U.S. are obese or overweight. Children and adolescents need at least 60 minutes of physical activity daily.  Starting at 6:30 EDT today Boys & Girls Clubs around the world will embark on a Guinness World Record setting attempt at the most games of tag in a 24-hour period. Learn more and join us! , We’re opening the door to healthy lifestyles by playing tag. Find a Club in your area to participate in this event.  Take the online tour to discover how Club kids are staying active. , We’re opening the door to healthy lifestyles by playing tag. Find a Club in your area to participate in this event.  Take the online tour to discover how Club kids are staying active. , null, "Check" Boys & Girls Clubs of America when you check out eBay this week by adding a donation! Better yet, make BGCA your favorite nonprofit and support us every time you check out eBay. Learn how at eBay Giving Works. And thank you eBay for supporting BGCA! , Boys & Girls Clubs of America national staff wishes everyone a Happy National Boys & Girls Clubs Week!, We’re opening the door to character and citizenship! Our teen leadership group, Keystone, recently had a conference in Ft. Worth, TX, and they spent time building planting beds that will help stock food pantries in the area. See a great video of their joint efforts! , It's Boys & Girls Club Week! Clubs - Tell me how you're celebrating!!, We’re opening the door to technology through our Tech Girls Rock initiative, which helps girls cultivate an interest in information technology.  Take our online tour and see how Great Futures begin at Boys & Girls Club. , Take our online tour and help spread the word. Please click “share” and tell us why Great Futures Start at a Boys & Girls Club. , Give a little to help a lot. Donate to BGCA throughout April and during Marble Slab's annual Tax Day yogurt giveaway April 17. That’s TODAY! What are you waiting for? , Thank you, Party City!, “I scream, you scream, we all…” No… “April showers bring…” No… FREE FROZEN YOGURT! Ahem. Donate to BGCA throughout April and during Maggie Moo’s annual Tax Day yogurt giveaway April 17. What flavor will you get?? , We’re excited to kick things off National Boys & Girls Club Week with our extended PSA filmed last June with many of our BGC faves. These alumni epitomize the reach and impact of Boys & Girls Clubs. , It’s National Boys & Girls Club Week! Join the celebration by taking our online tour and discovering why great futures begin at a Boys & Girls Club. , Special thanks to K&G Fashion Superstore for celebrating BGC Week! Text "BGCA" to 79999 and K&G Fashion Superstores will donate $1 to BGCA! , Next week is National Boys & Girls Club Week and we are encouraging everyone to Open the door. Take the tour. Get ready! , We asked Clubs to decorate their doors for National BGC Week and chose the best of the best! Now you get to vote for your fave. One voter will win a Boys & Girls Clubs of America t-shirt. The winning Club will win a camcorder. Vote now! , Be Careful What You Post! [Blog] For high school student Jake G., those words changed his life. After posting a "joke" on Facebook, the honor student's high school experience suddenly and dramatically changed. , Thanks to Microsoft Citizenship and Comcast dream big, 40 Boys & Girls Clubs are getting Club Tech Impact Grants to take technology programs and activities for youth to the next level! With the $5,000 grants (matched by $2,500 from local donors), Clubs can purchase additional equipment, software or fulfill a fun, innovative project idea related to program area. CLUBS - tell us what you’re doing with your Club Tech Impact Grants! , Need to make plans for summer camp or Club-based care while kids are out of school? Check out options at Boys & Girls Clubs in your area. Use our Find A Club page and search by zip code. Each Club offers something different so check out their website of give them a call., The school year is winding down and you know what that means - tests and final exams. What is your best testing advice for kids? I've always heard, "Get your best rest to do your best on the test.", Guess what? We're only 1300 Facebook "likes" away from 50,000! If we reach 50k by 5/15, we'll have a contest for swag! www.bgca.org/facebook, We're looking for a few good college/university students to join us this summer! Boys & Girls Clubs of America (Atlanta) has a variety of summer internship opportunities in Public Relations, Social Media, Planning & Measurement, web based journalism, Keystone Alumni, and Resource Development. If you know any interested students please send them our way! See details and apply at http://bgc.am/jobs, It's Major League Baseball's opening week! Keep your eye out for BGCA logos and PSAs. Post here if you see something and let us know what game or city it was in! We're excited to partner with them, as always! , Exciting news! Today, Toyota and BGCA announced a national partnership through the establishment of a college readiness initiative called D2D, Diplomas to Degrees, which will help fund youth education and improve high school graduation rates.  As a founding sponsor of D2D, Toyota is providing a $1.5 million grant over three years to help provide tools, resources and support to Boys & Girls Club teens to help prepare them to move from high school to college graduation. , Do you have a fave quote, saying or mantra that gets you through the day? Share it with us! Maybe we can share with the kids, too!, I just had to share these amazing photos from a Tech Girls Rock session in California today! The Tech Girls Rock program helps girls discover an interest in information technology and tech related educational opportunities and careers., What happens in the life of a child when connections, contributions and cohesion work together as forces of good in a community? BGCA's Judith J. Pickens, Sr. VP, Program and Youth Development Services, discussed Clubs and community at TEDxAtlanta. TED speaking events focus on Technology, Entertainment and Design and how they shape our future. See the inspiring video here. , In an effort to highlight the importance of financial literacy and teach Americans how to establish and maintain healthy financial habits, the United States Congress created National Financial Literacy Month. Recognized in April, government, nonprofit organizations and businesses are encouraged to support the month by offering activities that promote financial education.  Money Matters: Make It Count along with Charles Schwab Foundation celebrates Financial Literacy Month in hopes of impacting academic success while highlighting effective money management skills.  , Good Monday morning! Did anyone succomb to any April Fool's hilarity yesterday? I spent 2 hours in the "short" line at a major retailer yesterday. I'm pretty sure the joke was on me., How excited would YOU be to learn that you had won a trip to Atlanta to have your song professional produced by multi-platinum producer Kevin “Khao” Cates? See how Syretha Shirley reacted and share your congrats with her!, null, We learned at the UPS Road Code event last week that one out of three teenage deaths are caused by motor vehicle accidents. Programs like UPS Road Code are working hard to change stats like these and you can help!  Like UPS Road Code to get up to speed on all the great tools and techniques this program offers to help you drive change and be a safe driver.  Check out the video + sign the petition to stop distracted driving + take the ultimate Road Code Report Card Challenge to see how you score. Share your score with friends and drive change in your community!, Tell me something good this morning, folks! How's it going in your world and the Clubs??, Today the Michael Phelps Foundation announced the expansion of its signature "im" program to 28 Boys & Girls Clubs,  including one on a U.S. Naval installation in Naples, Italy. Check out all of the exciting details below!, "Time is Money" for Syretha Shirley of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Las Vegas! Syretha has won top honors in the Money Matters Music Mogul Contest, sponsored by BGCA and Charles Schwab Foundation with her Money Matters-themed song, "Time is Money." Syretha got to travel to Atlanta to record with Kevin “Khao” Cates and then film her own music video. See the video and hear the inspiring message in the song here! , We’re working every day to open up the opportunities for youth to have great futures.  Read today’s Opportunity for Action report by the The International Youth Foundation and Microsoft Citizenship to learn about the issues youth are facing globally and find out how we can all partner together to help. , Last chance to enter the “Wouldn’t It Be Cool if…” contest from Time Warner Cable’s Connect a Million Minds initiative. Got a big idea to make the world more awesome? Want to share your idea with will.i.am & Dean Kamen at the FIRST Robotics Championship? Youth ages 10-15, be sure to submit your idea now – the contest ends March 28 at 4p ET! , "This is the age of helicopter parents.  Can you imagine the stress our kids feel?  It’s non-stop correction.  It’s no wonder that most young people quit participating in organized sports by the age of 13.  Young people have the challenge of being perfect.  It’s the challenge of living up to the huge expectations of their parents. ", More than 70% of girls age 15-17 avoid normal daily activities like attending school, going to the doctor, and sharing opinions because they feel bad about their looks. Fight back! You hold the key to decreasing anxiety and increasing self-esteem in all kids. Thank you and our SMART Girls partner, Dove, for fostering confidence in our youth. Dove is sponsoring a girls’ session at our National Keystone Conference this week in Ft. Worth, TX. Check out Dove’s self-esteem toolkit and resources:

, Today is the big day - we're putting UPS Road Code into gear! Take a look at why the UPS Road Code is so important. Are you a catalyst for Driving Change? , Inspire a girl in your life today!  BGCA and Dove invite all women to join us in creating a world where beauty is a source of confidence, not anxiety.  Dove supports BGCA’s SMART Girls program and is also sponsoring a girls’ session at our National Keystone Conference this week in Ft. Worth, TX. Check out Dove’s self-esteem toolkit and resources! , As our teens and staff hit the road for this year's Keystone Conference in Texas, we wish them safe travels, great, open minds, and tons of learning!, It's almost here! The Keystone Conf., organized by Club teens for teens, will be in Ft. Worth, Mar. 22. Yay teens (& sponsor Taco Bell)!, Tutor, volunteer, mentor, donate or educate others about the dropout epidemic; help kids find a great future. Join us. http://bgc.am/5M, Boys & Girls Clubs strive to enable all young people, especially those who need us most, to reach their full potential as productive, caring, responsible citizens.
, Time Warner Cable is teaming up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America to show kids that math and science can be fun with a contest called Wouldn’t it be cool if… Calling all kids ages 10-15 – submit your coolest invention idea to make life, your community or the world more awesome. Four finalists will get to pitch their idea live to will.i.am and other guest judges. And one grand prize winner may see their invention idea brought to life! Enter your idea today! , The Michael Phelps Foundation recently announced the expansion of its signature "im" program to 28 Boys & Girls Clubs, including one on a U.S. Naval installation in Naples, Italy. The Foundation will work with each Boys & Girls Club to implement its im signature program, a learn-to-swim program designed to grow the sport of swimming and encourage a healthy, active lifestyle, especially among children. The im program was launched as a national pilot in 2010 with six Boys & Girls Clubs and has since instructed more than 2,300 children how to swim, with more than 80% of the participants receiving swimming instruction (im safe) for the first time in their lives. , Hip hop and financial literacy are not two things normally paired together, but that’s exactly what BGCA and Charles Schwab Foundation have done with the Money Matters Music Mogul Contest.   Boys & Girls Club teens across the country competed to see if they had what it takes to become the Money Matters Music Mogul. After an intense voting process, Syretha Shirley of Boys & Girls Clubs of Las Vegas was named the winner for her song “Time is Money.” , Did you know ... that our Clubs serve more than 4 million young people through membership and community outreach?, Did you know ... that we have some 4,000 Boys & Girls Clubs around the world?, "Boys & Girls Clubs believe in imagination. We make real opportunities for our members so they can use their imaginations to become caring and productive citizens of our nation and of the world." [Blog], Did you know ... that some 20% of our Club members are between 13 and 15 years old?, See how “CNN 2011 Hero”, Chef Bruno Serato, is seeking more heroes to join the fight against childhood hunger. In his open letter, Chef Bruno offers a simple outline to show how Clubs and restaurants can partner to create a low-cost program to ensure that no child in their community goes to bed hungry. , Did you know ... that more than 350 of our Clubs are located on U.S. Military installations worldwide?, 'Jenny From the Block' once got 'On the Floor' at Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club in the Bronx. Now she's a been dubbed 'Club Champion' by WebMD in their latest magazine issue where she discusses being the first female Club spokesperson for BGCA. You can read the article on our website!, Did you know ... that some 200 of our Clubs are on Native American lands?, We love our partnership with the Michael Phelps Foundation. This is a great success story! , Hey, guys! Be sure to LIKE our friends at Connect a Million Minds with will.i.am for updates on the "Wouldn't It Be Cool If..." STEM program! , Tell me something good at the Clubs on this awesome Thursday!, Did you know ... that 1,265 of our Clubs are located in schools?, Imagination is a powerful tool. It sparks inventors, scientists, artists & more. BGCA's Dan Rauzi shares his thoughts. http://bgc.am/5K, Mi, mi, mi, mi, miiiiii.... Everyone sing! "M-I-C- See ya real soon! K-E-Y- Why? Because we like you! Dum, dum, dum, dum, duuuuuuummmmmm" And BGCA loves Mickey! Check out a special visit with Captain Mickey, himself! , Get ready! Boys & Girls Clubs will celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week April 15-21, 2012! http://bgc.am/5H, Today, more than 200 Boys & Girls Clubs serve Native American youth. Read about BGCA's President & CEO Jim Clark's travels to two of these impressive Clubs! http://bgc.am/5E, @AmberSabathia, wife of Club alum @CC_Sabathia, presented $25K donation from PitCCh In Foundation to @BoysGirlsNewark today. Awesome!, This year marks the 20th anniversary of BGCA & Native American communities working together to serve youth. BGCA President & CEO Jim Clark visits Native American Clubs in Arizona and Washington last week.  http://bgc.am/5F, NBA All-Star Weekend Means Great Futures!
Orlando-area Club teens receive college scholarships and more during the 2012 NBA All-Star Weekend. Thanks @NBA, @nbacares & @TacoBell! http://bgc.am/5B, The NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams did a terrific story on Boys & Girls Club alumna Misty Copeland, who is the first African-American in two decades to become a soloist with the American Ballet Theater. We are so proud to share this piece with you and hope you will share it with others., If YOU could choose where to put Leap Day, which month would you add it to and what would you do with it?, Wouldn't It Be Cool If... will.i.am brought together great organizations to promote STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) subjects in a fun, innovative way through an ideation competition? It is! , 80% of jobs created in the next decade will require some form of math and science skills, and yet 61% of middle school students would rather take out the garbage than do their math homework. #WIBCI, This year we get an EXTRA special day EXTRA day - Leap Day! How will YOU live and enjoy this Wednesday?, Thanks to the NBA its and partners, Boys & Girls Clubs will be front and center during the 2012 NBA All-Star Weekend in Orlando Florida. Be sure to tune in for NBA All-Star TONIGHT on TNT at 8 p.m. where six members of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Central Florida have the chance to win a college scholarship from the Taco Bell Foundation for Teens during the TACO BELL Skills Challenge., These are great! Now think about TECHNOLOGY and answer the question, "Wouldn't it be great if...?", Complete this sentence: "Wouldn't it be cool if...?", It's that time again! TELL ME SOMETHING GOOD!, Happy President's Day! Thank you to those who are performing service projects today. We hope you find them enriching!, Thank you @KingJames! Ribbon cutting today for the Boys & Girls Clubs of Chicago’s Little Village Unit. The kids are loving the new gym!, Did you know BGCA hosts the Keystone Conf., organized by teens for teens? Yay teens (& sponsor Taco Bell)! Think big in Ft. Worth, Mar. 22!, It is Friday and I'm ready for the weekend. What about you?, Taking a cue from a Twitter friend, tell me what motivates you so we can share it with our Club kids!, Take a look at BGCA's National Spokesperson, Denzel Washington on Jay Leno last week as he talks about his family... including his BGCA family! , Fun, smart girls like technology, because Tech Girls Rock! Thanks for the workshops, CA Technologies! http://bgc.am/4x, Happy Valentine's Day. We <3 U!, Valentine's Day is tomorrow! Don't forget to tell the kids in your life how special they are., Dan Rauzi, BGCA's senior director of Technology Programs, asks, are we "doing a service to our youth if we only use technology to teach them and don’t teach them about technology?" Check out his new blog and then let me know, do your teens know enough about technology to be using technology as their primary resource? , Will you be OUR Valentine? When you cash out with your Valentine goodies at H&M now through the end of February, put some cash IN for Boys & Girls Clubs of America. While you’re waiting in line, tell us your favorite conversation heart saying. Bet you wouldn’t guess, but ours is “Great Futures Start Here!”, Check out one of our volunteers! "Ross Heise, a senior content publisher in Windows, has volunteered more than 1,220 hours since 2005 for the Boys & Girls Clubs of America (a long-time partner of Microsoft nationally) in the Puget Sound region. Specifically, he applied his technology skills to help build a website for the club’s football league.· Ross Heise, a senior content publisher in Windows, has volunteered more than 1,220 hours since 2005 for the Boys & Girls Clubs of America (a long-time partner of Microsoft nationally) in the Puget Sound region. Specifically, he applied his technology skills to help build a website for the club’s football league.", This week we're celebrating our young Music Tech winners, Maya M. (ages 13-15) of BGC of Santa Monica and Timothy B. (ages 16-18) of USAG Schweinfurt CYS Services (Ger.). Congrats to our awesome winners!, Tell me something good, everyone!, The Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals is an ongoing, international celebration of Boys & Girls Club members’ digital innovation. This week we're celebrating our young Music Tech winners, Dayce J. (ages 6-9) of the Ramstein Youth Programs (Ger.) and Avery L (ages 10-12) of BGC La Plata County (Col.). Congrats to our awesome winners! Music samples aren't available, yet, but you can hear past winners at the link below! , Dan Rauzi, BGCA's senior director of Technology Programs, asks, are we "doing a service to our youth if we only use technology to teach them and don’t teach them about technology?" Check out his new blog and then let me know, do your teens know enough about technology to be using technology as their primary resource? , In case you missed it this week... check out our Wall here on Facebook to get a look at our Digital Arts Festival Photo Tech winners for ages 9-18. We're talking about some serious talent happening in our Clubs!, Can fun, active play make you smarter? Our in-house expert, Wayne B. Moss, says yes. "It’s time to get back to the four R’s – reading, writing, arithmetic and recreation." , Here's our LAST poster, this time by Anjolie B. from BGC Sarasota (Fla.) who is the national winner of our Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals in Photo Tech for the 16-18 age group! Excellent job! To see the other age group winners, check out our Wall. Next week we'll be announcing our Music Tech winners, so TUNE in!, Did you know...? Enriched foods are those in which vitamins or minerals have been added to the food that were lost during the refining process. What other foods should kids not over indulge in? Find out and let us know your thoughts! , Here's another poster, this time by Azuree' R. from BGC King County (Seattle) who is the national winner of our Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals in Photo Tech for the 13-15 age group! What a beautiful poster! Share your congrats below and check back in this week to see the last of the Photo Tech winners., Check out this poster by Zoe B. from BGC Sarasota (Fla.) who is the national winner of our Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals in Photo Tech for the 10-12 age group! Zoe NAILED it! Share your congrats below and check back in this week to see the rest of the Photo Tech winners., We've been focusing on healthy lifestyles for the last few weeks and about bringing fitness inside. This weekend's Super Bowl is an excellent example of bringing fitness indoors! You can be active like the players on the field on game day, too! Try creating your own touchdown dance! Or if it's a low scoring game, create a first down dance! And it's always a great time to practice throwing your challenge flag. Or the (foam) bad call brick. And I heartily recommend jumping up and cheering for no apparent reason. [Not a fitness expert, but I play one on Facebook!] What other tips can you share?, Check out this poster by Martin C. from BGC Sarasota (Fla.) who is the national winner of our Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals in Photo Tech for the 6-9 age group! This year's theme was Good Character & Citizenship. Members were asked to create a poster that showcases citizens engaged in activities that give back to their community or a poster that depicts someone who models good character. I think Martin did a fanTASTIC job! Share your congrats below and check back in this week to see the rest of the Photo Tech winners., Can fun, active play make you smarter? Our in-house expert, Wayne B. Moss, says yes. "It’s time to get back to the four R’s – reading, writing, arithmetic and recreation." , Welcome to our hundreds of new followers here on Facebook! I can't wait to introduce you to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and all the great work we do for kids! We've very excited to have you here..., null, Check out our new PSA starring some of today's big names and yesterday's great Club kids! , Tech Girls Rock is hitting the road! This new initiative, aimed at empowering girls to explore a future in technology and helping girls discover and cultivate an interest in information technology, and ultimately tech-related educational opportunities and careers, is hitting Chicago today with their first workshop. Hope everyone has a great time and gets their Tech on!, Thanks to Justin Bieber for the shout out! You have the most amazing fans!, If you could spend one day in a Club, what would you want to spend your time doing?, The benefits from walking pay the largest dividends with regards to playing golf. The general recommended standard for walking is 10,000 steps per day. The average person does not meet that threshold. The typical 18-hole round of golf, without a cart, will exceed 10,000 steps. The cardio benefits are also increased by carrying a bag of golf clubs. Finally, there are psychological benefits to playing golf. Being out in a pleasant environment will boost mood. Additionally, golf is usually played amongst friends which increase feelings of connectedness., null, It's time to TEE of with the PGA Foundation and the United States Golf Association! BGCA is their new Official Youth Development Partner in a new five-year mission that will introduce youth nationwide to the game of golf. The goal is to help youth build character, develop healthy lifestyles, and learn the game of golf. FOUR! , What type of exercise motivates you?  BGCA Fitness Ambassador Mario Lopez says if you’re not sure, then try something new. “Whatever comes to mind and sounds fun, give it a go!”, Hey, Guys! We're TEEing up some BIG news on a new partnership that will be announced tomorrow! Make sure to check back in for details., Justin Bieber is making a difference for BGCA!  His BELIEVE campaign hopes to raise $10,000,000 for lots of great charities like BGCA.  You can BELIEVE too at http://www.justinbiebermusic.com/believecharity/. Special message about BGCA coming from Justin on Jan 25!  Watch @bgca_clubs and @justinbieber on that day., According to the CDC, about 1 in 4 U.S. high school students ate fruits less than once daily and 1 in 3 students ate vegetables less than once daily in 2010. Most students are failing to meet the daily fruit and vegetable recommendations.  For kids who are finicky eaters, hide veggies by pureeing and adding to some of your favorite recipes.  For example, add pureed carrots and zucchini to your spaghetti sauce., Sometimes fitness is about more, not less! Like water. Fluid is used up daily for all the jobs it does. Our bodies lose even more when we’re exercising or perspiring. Check out this and 5 other fit tips from Wayne Moss in his new blog, under Healthy Lifestyles!, The WANNA PLAY? program is a year-round program serving BGC members ages 6 to 12. It allows co-ed youth to increase their overall fitness through physical activity and improved nutrition education while learning the fundamental skills of baseball and softball through fun and enriching activities., Know an amazing artistic Club member? Doodle 4 Google 2012 is looking for submissions. Their work could appear on Google's homepage (totally iconic!), and they could even win a college scholarship! Will one of Boys & Girls Club's kids be this year's winner? , Cool and rainy morning in Atlanta. Still need to get some cardio and play in my day, though! What are some tips you can share with others in my predicament?, Every year in the United States, obesity, unhealthy eating and physical inactivity account for more than 300,000 preventable deaths from chronic diseases such as heart disease, stroke, cancer and diabetes. BGCA is dedicated to promoting healthy lifestyles, including recreational activities and play into every day., Hey music and money lovers! Help hip hop super producer Kevin "Khao" Cates select a winner of the Money Matters Music Mogul Contest, sponsored by BGCA and Charles Schwab Foundation. Ten lucky finalists have been chosen, but the fan favorite will automatically make it to the top five and all top five finalists will receive a win a $500 Money Matters Music Mogul scholarship. The grand prize winner gets a trip to Atlanta to record their song AND a video! VOTE NOW!!, Congratulations to Buket Pamuk for being the winner of this year's Art & Sole competition to benefit the Boys & Girls Club of America! We can't wait to see your creation sold at UGG stores nationwide! , Today is your last chance to show your mom how much she means to you. Three outstanding moms will receive FREE full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix courtesy of Kimberly-Clark and the Family PLUS program. Visit the Family Plus website below and tell us why the Mom you are nominating is worthy of the Most Inspirational Mom title. The search ends tomorrow, so get those entries in today., Check out this photo of part of the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial, from the September 2011 trip taken by our National Youth of the Year to Washington, D.C.  Their linked hands show their solidarity as representatives of BGCA., "I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world." Muhammad Ali, BGC alum, who turns 70 today., Triple Play encourages members to become more knowledgeable about health eating, proper portion sizes and creating fun and healthy meals. The program help strengthens character and reinforces positive behavior through social recreation activities. Members coach, keep score and conduct sports-related community service projects. They are required to complete 100 individual volunteer hours., I'm excited to hear about your service project experiences from the month, so far! Maybe you could share some photos? I spent a few hours Sunday passing out winter clothing to homeless veterans. Their stories broke my heart, but their appreciation was overwhelming. Your turn!, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "Life's most persistent and urgent question is ‘What are you doing for others?’” Today, the nation honors the legacy of the civil rights leader with this question in mind. , So WHY jumping jacks? What does this exercise staple actually do for the body and incorporate into BGCA's healthy lifestyle focus? Our in-house recreation expert, Wayne Moss, directed me to Livestrong where I learned that jumping jacks "function as cardiovascular, strengthening and stress-relieving exercises." Read more about this multi-tasking exercise below. Then hop up and give me 1 minute of j-jacks! And if, like me, you're on the 4th floor, let me know what your neighbors have to say about the ruckus! , Olympic Gold Medalist Dominique Dawes lead children from Challengers Boys & Girls Club in Los Angeles last spring as they helped break a Guinness World Record for the most people doing jumping jacks simultaneously in multi venues for two consecutive minutes. Boys & Girls Clubs of America launched this endeavor as part of its Triple Play program, sponsored by Coca-Cola and the WellPoint Foundation. In all, 20,425 members, staff and volunteers at 362 Boys & Girls Clubs across the country and on U.S. military bases overseas jumped their way to officially breaking the record!, Just one week to show mom just how much you think of her and say thank you. Boys & Girls Clubs of America and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom.  Three outstanding moms will receive full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below before January 19 and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration!, This Saturday, Jan. 14, on ABC catch the Miss America Pageant to hear Miss Alabama, Courtney Porter, whose platform is mentoring at-risk youth through Boys & Girls Clubs! She’s now taking that passion for our Clubs to the Miss America Pageant!, Good morning, everyone! MLK Day of Service is a nationwide effort to turn the federal holiday honoring Dr. King into a day of community service. What are some of the efforts you are working on to serve your community this month?, Hey music and money lovers! Help hip hop super producer Kevin "Khao" Cates select a winner of the Money Matters Music Mogul Contest, sponsored by BGCA and Charles Schwab Foundation. Ten lucky finalists have been chosen, but the fan favorite will automatically make it to the top five and all top five finalists will receive a win a $500 Money Matters Music Mogul scholarship. The grand prize winner gets a trip to Atlanta to record their winning entry with hip hop super producer Khao! Vote now! , BGCA national spokesperson Jennifer Lopez appears in this month’s Washington Flyer Magazine. The article details J. Lo’s Boys & Girls Clubs story. This is definitely a great piece to check out and share!, Good Monday morning, folks! How many of you out there have lifestyle-related resolutions for the New Year, like better fitness and diet, or to quit smoking? Well, this month, we're going to offer information on healthy lifestyles from our BGCA expert, Wayne Moss. We want to arm you with the best information to encourage healthy activity and nutrition in for today's youth. What are your specific questions for Wayne?, What could YOU do with 700 bottles of Elmer’s 4 oz School Glue and over 1,000 Elmer’s Washable School Glue Sticks? What about $5,000 in Walmart gift cards?? Boys & Girls Club of Huntington County (Warren, Ind.) will be able to tell us soon enough since the TriFold Display Board representing their Club won Elmer's Gift of a Great Future contest! Way to go Huntington County!, Check out President Jim Clark's take on his amazing first week. Follow him as he blogs around the country on a tour of Clubs to spread his message and to hear yours. We have 3 new blog entries for you, so please check them out! , Good morning, folks! After this short workweek, I'm ready for the weekend! What are your weekend plans? I'm going to be putting holiday stuff away - and I didn't even decorate! I just need to get my gifts into their new homes., You made it through the holidays and rang in a new year, now its time to do something for the awesome moms in your life! BGCA and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom.  Three deserving moms will win full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix, courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration! , Good morning, everyone! You've heard me talking about President Jim for a few days, but now we've given Jim a chance to introduce himself! Check out this great video. , So President Jim will be moving his family (including 2 young boys) from Milwaukee to Atlanta soon. The boys are especially looking forward to "year-round biking" we hear. What are some tips you can offer to the family to make the transition easier, especially on the boys when they arrive in their new city?, As I mentioned yesterday, Jim Clark started his tenure with BGCA off in Hartford. CBS offers you a bit of an introduction to the man, himself, in the story below., You've probably heard about employers checking Facebook and other online accounts before making hiring decisions. But did you know that some COLLEGES also check up on potential students this way? Make sure your kids know that what they share online is 1) taken into consideration during these life-changing times, but is also 2) forever. Nothing is really private or ever deleted online., Back from our holiday break and ready to get back to work! What is the #1 memory you will keep with you from this holiday season?, Today Jim Clark joins Boys & Girls Clubs of America as President and CEO! He's kicking things off where it all started in 1860, in Hartford, Conn. We're happy to have him join us and usher in another amazing era for BGCA! Welcome, Jim!, We did it! Another great year under our belts (or over it if you over indulged this holiday!) and we're ready to do it again! Boys & Girls Clubs of America would like to thank you, our amazing community of advocates, for your outstanding support in 2011. We can't wait to see what 2012 holds for us with you by our side. Best wishes!, null, For more than 30 years, Roxanne Spillette's passion and steadfast service to youth has been felt by Boys & Girls Clubs around the world and the millions of young people they serve every day. Join us in expressing appreciation to Roxanne for her life-long commitment to our nation's young people. , Get your new year started right and do something for the awesome Moms in your life! BGCA and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom. Three deserving moms will win full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix, courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration! , University of Phoenix is opening the door to great futures and higher education for current Boys & Girls Club Club employees, Club alumni & parents of current Club members. Our BGC family is now eligible to apply for one of 17 undergrad or grad college scholarships through University of Phoenix, the largest private university in North America. Start the year off GREAT, but apply online before Feb 7!, This holiday season, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Maytag are celebrating individuals who exemplify what it means to be dependable. Share your story about a person who is dependable by clicking on Maytag's Faces of Dependability tab. , Good morning! It's my last day in the office for 2011. I'm proud of all of our accomplishments this year, but I am MORE THAN READY for 2012! What are some of your New Year's resolutions?, The Kmart/Protege “Join the Movement, Inspire the Future” experience stopped at 10 Boys & Girls Clubs around the country this summer, concluding at Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club with basketball hall of famer Walt Frazier. , It was hard to tell who had more fun at Kips Bay Day for Kids/Protege event, It’s not everyday you get to meet a basketball hall-of-famer!, Walt Frazier and Kmart’s own Mr. Bluelight came out to support the Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club Protege event in September., Walt Frazier shows the kids of Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club that he still has plenty of game!, Walt Frazier addressed the crowd to tell them about the amazing partnership between BGCA and Kmart, The newest Protege gear was also on display, Protege has sneaks for all kinds of sizes, Walt Frazier shares some shooting tips with a young Club member, A Club member concentrates during the hot shot drill, A large group of kids from the East LA Boys & Girls Club participated in the Kmart “Join the Movement/Inspire the Future” Protege experience, Lots of cool Protege giveaways were provided to all participants, East LA Boys & Girls Club and Kmart Staff help make it all possible, Mr. Bluelight and Walt Frazier capped off a perfect day at Kips Bay Boys & Girls Club, Kmart’s Mr. Bluelight hanging with the East LA Boys & Girls Club, Everyone loves Mr. Bluelight, Kids from the East LA Boys & Girls Club waiting for their turn in the Protege Hot Shot Challenge, Mr. Bluelight was cheering everyone on, The competition at East LA Boys & Girls Club was fierce, East LA Boys & Girls Club even provided their own cheerleading squad, Members of Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia getting ready for an exciting day, Club kids participated in the Protege hot shot drill, Members of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia competed in several different drills, Protege swag bags and other items were made available to all participants, Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia welcomed Kmart and Protege this summer, A Club member participates in the Protege skills competition, Clubs kids also participated in the Protege skills competition, Members of the Boys & Girls Club of Miami competed in several different drills, Club kids participated in the Protege hot shot drill, Clubs kids also participated in the Protege skills competition, Club kids participated in the Protege hot shot drill, Club kids participated in the Protege hot shot drill, null, Kmart Protege summer tour stopped off at Boys & Girls Club of Miami, Protege swag bags were made available to all participants, Protege also displayed their latest and greatest styles, We were happy to welcome the Kmart associates to our Club, We were happy to welcome the Kmart associates to our Club, UGG Australia invited artists to unleash their creativity on a pair of signature UGG boots in the ninth annual 'Art and Sole' charitable contest. The winner will have their design produced and sold in UGG Australia retail stores & online across the US in 2012. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the boots will be donated to Boys and Girls Clubs of America! Check out the designs! , Kick the New Year off right! The Black Keys, James Taylor, Rascal Flatts, Broadway, and more this holiday and in 2012. Get exclusive tickets thru TicketsforCharity.com and directly benefit Boys & Girls Clubs! 
, VOTE! Help us select your favorite Elmer's TriFold Display Board project and help give a Boys & Girls Clubs the gift of a great future. The Club closest to the Walmart store at which the Elmer's® TriFold Display Board used in the winning entry was purchased will receive a $5,000 Walmart gift card and $1,000 in Elmer's products., Ahhh. Back in the office for short week and glad to be here! What was the best part of the last week for everyone?, Meet Tupperware Brand's Chain of Confidence's new Confidence Counselor, Multi-Platinum, Grammy Award-Winning Artist and BGCA Youth of the Year Ambassador, Ashanti! Head to the Chain of Confidence page below to watch her video chats. Like their page while you're there and will donate $1 to BGCA! , The season for giving isn't over! Luckily our Club Tech: Game Tech partner, AMD Foundation, is offering another $1 donation opportunity! Simply "like" their Facebook page and help us Give the Gift of a Great Future. , Boys & Girls Clubs of America wishes our entire community and all of our families, near and far, a very joyous holiday celebration., LAST DAY! Procrastinators Unite! You can Give a $5 Gift of a Great Future to BGCA by simply RSVPing to attend Best Buy's virtual shopping event. PLEASE click the link below and invite your friends to participate! Then share this on your page and invite them there! Every RSVP makes a difference., Singer-songwriter Ne-Yo, New York Knicks' Carmelo Anthony, singer Willow Smith and the Surgeon General Dr. Regina Benjamin get in the holiday spirit with Club kids! , SHARE the holiday cheer and spread our message of Giving the Gift of a Great Future with your friends on Facebook! Just click the Share button below and ask your friends to "Like" Boys & Girls Clubs of America on Facebook. For each new Like Amway has been generous enough to donate $1 to BGCA. Thanks to Amway and all of our amazing advocates!!, Congratulations to the FINAL winners of our Michael Phelps: Push the Limit XBOX Kinect video games - Pamela B. and Caroline E.! Thanks to all of our participants and keep your eyes on our Facebook page for future contests., Remember when mom was there for you, helping with your homework? Now is your chance to return the favor. BGCA and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom.  Three outstanding moms will receive full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration! , 'Twas the middle of the holiday season and high temps in the 70's in Atlanta are feared. I don't HAVE to have snow, I guess, but it would be nice if I didn't have to put ice cubes in Santa's milk this year. How are you preparing for the holidays?, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and CA Technologies recently announced a new partnership committed to empowering girls to explore a future in technology. The Tech Girls Rock initiative helps girls discover and cultivate an interest in information technology, and ultimately tech-related educational opportunities and careers. The launch event had girls reassembling the components of desktop computer! Awesome!!, Being safe in and around the water is the #1 goal of the im program provided by the Michael Phelps Foundation for BGCA. Go to http://bgc.am/Phelps and email us a smart tip for being safe in and around the water.  We’ll randomly select two entrants to receive a copy of the new Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Hurry! Deadline to enter is midnight PST TONIGHT! , Time is running out! Luckily our Club Tech: Game Tech partner, AMD Foundation, is offering another $1 donation opportunity! Simply "like" their Facebook page and help us Give the Gift of a Great Future. , Being safe in and around the water is the #1 goal of the im program provided by the Michael Phelps Foundation for BGCA. Go to http://bgc.am/Phelps and email us a smart tip for being safe in and around the water.  We’ll randomly select two entrants to receive a copy of the new Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Hurry! Deadline to enter is midnight PST TONIGHT! , Justin Bieber is Giving the Gift of Great Futures for BGCA!  Proceeds from the jingle-tastic holiday CD Under the Mistletoe will help support our Great Futures mission.  Justin's BELIEVE campaign hopes to raise $10,000,000 for a lot of great charities like BGCA, as well.  Are you a Belieber? No? You can Believe, too!, 'Twas 7 days packed with holiday giving and everyone had shopped their socks off. No one was leaving the house and that was that! But there was still that one lingering gift... *le sigh* Never fear! Procrastinators Unite! You can Give a $5 Gift of a Great Future to BGCA by simply RSVPing to attend Best Buy's virtual shopping event. No muss, no fuss, no malls, no bone dry wallets to open! Just click and you're done! , Do you leave milk and cookies for Santa or carrot sticks for Rudolph and the gang? This year, how about leaving a note written on your personalized snowglobe picture from Cox and BGCA highlighting your "good" side? Go ahead, stand out in the crowd! I know he'll appreciate it! Ho ho ho!, You don't have to be Down Under to enjoy feeling warm and fuzzy this holiday season. UggAustralia is giving you the opportunity to beat the northern hemisphere chill with BGCA donation opportunities in-store now through Jan. 8. , If your mom is anything like mine, she’s priceless! So get her a PRICELESS gift this season. Boys & Girls Clubs of America and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom. Three deserving moms will receive full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration! , Gifts come in all sizes - like GREAT futures and MINI Coopers. That's right! Play Banana Republic's Facebook game through December 24 for a chance to win a donation to BGCA in your name. Or a MINI Cooper. Or many other great prizes! , Congratulations to Cathy J. and Debbie V., the winners of this week's Michael Phelps: Push the Limit XBOX Kinect video game internet scavenger hunt contest! Check back in on Tuesday for the next contest!, University of Phoenix is opening the door to great futures and higher education for the Boys & Girls Club family! Current Club employees, Club alumni & parents of current Club members are now eligible to apply for one of 17 undergrad or grad college scholarships through University of Phoenix, the largest private university in North America. Start the year off GREAT, but apply online before Feb 7!, VOTE! Help us select your favorite Elmer's TriFold Display Board project and help give a Boys & Girls Clubs the gift of a great future. The Club closest to the Walmart store at which the Elmer's® TriFold Display Board used in the winning entry was purchased will receive a $5,000 Walmart gift card and $1,000 in Elmer's products. , Mr. Blue Light made a surprise stop at the East LA Boys & Girls Club Kmart/Protege “Join the Movement, Inspire the Future” basketball skills event this summer. Will Mr. Blue Light actually make the shot? Watch this short video to find out what happens., At the beginning of the football season, Buffalo Bills wide receiver Stevie Johnson began a 12-week “Passport to Manhood” program in conjunction with the Boys & Girls Club.  The program was aimed at working with teenage boys, and teaching them life lessons and skills to become a respectable man., We've been busy little elves! Check out some of our favorite Cox snowglobes! Make your own at http://bgc.am/2m and add it to our wall. We'll add our faves to the photo album and share all 2012!, CC Sabathia and his wife Amber brought gifts to members of the Boys & Girls Club while enjoying a dance routine at the MLB Fan Cave Monday in an event for his PitCCh In Foundation. , Carmelo Anthony, LeBron James, Chris Paul and Dwayne Wade worked together to give back this holiday season – and Boys & Girls Clubs were on top of their list.  Made possible with the support of the Carmelo Anthony Foundation and Feed the Children, the four NBA superstars hosted a feeding event for 800 families at the Navy Yard Club of the Madison Square Boys & Girls Club in Brooklyn, NY.  , Happy holidays from Dove, our SMART Girls program sponsor.  Dove sponsored a weekend of self-esteem building activities at several Boys & Girls Clubs across the United States in October. We teamed up to help increase self-esteem and reduce the anxiety about looks in 15 million girls by 2015. Visit Dove for more info on Dove Self-Esteem Weekend., Compete in our Michael Phelps Scavenger Hunt and earn a chance to win a copy of the new Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Follow the clues, discover the answer, then go to http://bgc.am/Phelps and enter. BGCA will draw two names from all correct entries and the winners will win a copy of the game. Hurry! Deadline to enter is midnight PST TONIGHT! DON’T post your answer below., Thanks to AMD Changing the Game for supporting Boys & Girls Clubs of America. This year the company opened four new technology centers in Boys & Girls Clubs, plus provided the Club Tech: Game Tech program to help kids with their STEM skills. Check out photos from AMD technology center grand opening events at Boys & Girls Clubs in Austin and Houston! , Staples customers can Give the Gift of a Great Future! Whenever you purchase specially marked Staples' copy paper now through Dec. 31, a portion of the proceeds benefits Boys & Girls Clubs of America! , I'm not addicted. I just can't stop snow globing everyone and sharing it on Facebook! This is so much fun and my family loves seeing what I make. And so what if BGCA gets $1 for each snowglobe shared? I call that the icing on the gingerbread man. Oh! I'm going to snowglobe a gingerbread man next!, And one and two and click and release! That's all it takes to work off a single calorie. And that's all it takes to donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Just wiggle the wrist to the link below, click the mouse and then click again to "like" Associa on Facebook. I guarantee* you'll lose a calorie and feel great! (*Calorie loss not available in all areas. Feeling great is universal.), We’re pleased to announce ten outstanding Clubs who are being recognized with the 2011 Maytag Dependable Club Award grants. These Clubs are being recognized for their dependability in serving youth and communities, and will each receive one-time grants through our national partnership with Maytag. Check out the winners and share your congratulations!, As many as 15.1 million kids have no place to go after school. Boys & Girls Clubs are OPEN every day after school, when kids, and parents, need us most. Small change can create a big difference for BGCs during jcpenney's pennies from heaven campaign. Through Monday, December 12, round up your store purchases to the nearest dollar. All funds stay with Clubs in your community., Congratulations to Karen B. and Aleesa L., the winners of this week's Michael Phelps: Push the Limit XBOX Kinect video game trivia contest! Check back in on Tuesday for the next contest!, Do you have a great mom in your life? Boys & Girls Clubs of America and longtime partner Kimberly-Clark are searching for the Most Inspirational Mom. Three terrific moms will receive full-tuition scholarships to University of Phoenix courtesy of the Family PLUS program. Visit the website below and tell us why the mom you are nominating is an inspiration! , Help your local Boys & Girls Club win a $5,000 Walmart gift card and $1,000 in Elmer’s products! Use an Elmer’s® TriFold Display Board available at Walmart and make something creative. You can create anything from a project for school or work, an inspirational craft project, memory/vision board, or a project displaying how BGCA helps create great futures. Snap a photo and you could win for your community!
, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Thank you Paul Mitchell Systems for your support over the holidays. Check out the exclusive Tarina Tarantino designed holiday gift sets proudly bearing the BGCA logo!, Psst! Hey, guys! Remember when I told you that Sony wants to help you Give the Gift of a Great Future? They are donating 5% of sales at their Sony Stores and Sony Outlets on Thursday, Dec. 8 to BGCA. Well, Dec. 8 is TOMORROW! Make sure you have your list(s) ready!, Let it Snow! Give the Gift of a Great Future by snow globing yourself or your family! For every snow globe, Cox Communications will donate $1 to BGCA. So, let it snow over your friends, family, pets and yourself! http://bgc.am/2l, Here’s your chance to win a copy of the new Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Go to http://bgc.am/Phelps and enter your answer to our trivia question. BGCA will draw a name from all correct entries and the winner will win a copy of the game. Deadline to enter is midnight PST TONIGHT! DON’T post your answer below. Q: What is the name of Michael’s 2009 children’s book? , This holiday season, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Maytag are celebrating individuals who exemplify what it means to be dependable. Share your story about a person who is dependable by clicking on Maytag's Faces of Dependability tab. , What an amazing morning on my radio, raising funds to support Great Futures through Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Don't have a Syndication/Radio One station in your area? You can still join the efforts! Text "Futures" to 80888, call 1.800.540.BGCA or go to the website below. Every dollar helps Give the Gift of a Great Future!, We're getting excited! The Rickey Smiley and Russ Parr Morning Shows will be kicking off a radiothon to benefit Boys & Girls Clubs of America tomorrow at 6am on Syndication One/ Radio One radio stations across America! Tune in to hear interviews of Boys & Girls Club alumni, and testimonials by current and former national and regional Youth of the Year!, Okay, okay. I get it. You've been keeping all your spare change in your pocket because you need it to finish off your holiday shopping. I'm right there with you! But did you know that Sony wants to help you Give the Gift of a Great Future? They are donating 5% of sales at their Sony Stores and Sony Outlets on Thursday, Dec. 8 to BGCA. That's what I call two turtle doves for the price of one! , So we've tried the piggy bank, the sofa cushions and under the car seats without much success at checking that Boys & Girls Clubs of America donation off the list for 2011. Luckily our Club Tech: Game Tech partner, AMD Foundation, is offering another $1 donation opportunity! Simply "like" their Facebook page and help us Give the Gift of a Great Future. , We're excited to announce the winner of our FIRST Michael Phelps video game contest! Laura R. of Atlanta submitted a great caption for our screen shot and will receive a copy of Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Our next 1-day contest is Tuesday morning so make sure to stop by and check it out!, University of Phoenix is opening the door to great futures and higher education for the Boys & Girls Club family! Current Club employees, Club alumni & parents of current Club members are now eligible to apply for one of 17 undergrad or graduate college scholarships through University of Phoenix, the largest private university in North America. Start the year off GREAT, but apply online before February 7, 2012! , After all of that digging into the sofa cushions have you come up with your $1 donation to BGCA? No? Me either. I did find 60 cents, but I spent it in the soda machine. Now instead of crawling under our car seats, we can make that $1 donation by simply "liking" Associa on Facebook then sharing with our friends! Another easy way to Give the Gift of a Great Future!, Here are some pictures from the Kmart/Protege “Join the Movement, Inspire the Future” tour, which stopped at the Boys & Girls Club of East LA this summer. Kmart is donating 50 cents from every pair of Protege sneakers sold through the end of the year to BGCA. , Today is National Meth Awareness Day and I'd like to give a shout out to our friends at the Meth Project. Their new, updated website is equally educational and horrifying and I ask everyone to please take a few minutes to explore. , As many as 15.1 million kids have no place to go after school. Boys & Girls Clubs are OPEN every day after school, when kids, and parents, need us most. Small change can create a big difference for BGCs during jcpenney's pennies from heaven campaign. From November 30-December 12, round up your store purchases to the nearest dollar. All funds stay with Clubs in your community., Michael Phelps, a great supporter of Boys & Girls Clubs, is all about swimming! Win a copy of Michael Phelps: Push the Limit video game for XBOX Kinect from 505 Games. Check out this screen shot from the game then go to http://bgc.am/Phelps to enter a caption for the picture. The person who enters the best caption – as judged by BGCA – will win a copy of the game. Deadline to enter is 12:00 a.m. PST TONIGHT!, They call today CYBER Monday, the Monday after BLACK Friday when all of the online stores have their special sales. We're not having any sales, but we can help you check that Boys & Girls Clubs of America donation off your checklist at our website! There are lots of colors and options to choose from, and you're guaranteed to find something that fits your budget and personal style., Staples customers can Give the Gift of a Great Future! Whenever you purchase Staples' multi-purpose copier paper now through Dec. 31, a portion of the proceeds benefits Boys & Girls Clubs of America! , Wow. So, Black Friday. You went out, you did your thing. You shopped, and now you've dropped, right in front of your computer. Why don't you prop those tired toes up and take a look at all the great ways you can support Boys & Girls Clubs of America this year, without the long lines, pushy sales people, or hike back to the parking lot. It's ok. We'll even hold you hot cocoa for you while you browse. , Do you like snow globes? Do you like yourself? Do you want to snow globe yourself and send it to EVERYONE?! I knew it! Create and send a personalized holiday snow globe on Facebook. Every time you do, Cox will donate $1 to BGCA. So go ahead. Snow globe yourself. Then snow globe your pooch. Then your girlfriend. Then Uncle Max, the mailman, Captain Riley... everyone!, Here's another EASY opportunity to help BGCA make its end-of-year fundraising goals! Simply "share" this post with your friends on Facebook and ask them to "like" us! Our partner, Amway, will be donating $1 for each new "like" we get between now and 12/31. Go ahead... do it! It's easier than getting 4 quarters out of your piggy bank, right!? , Boys & Girls Clubs of America wishes our entire community and all of our families, near and far, a very joyous Thanksgiving holiday!, A healthy dose of competition helped the Porter family, members of the Boys & Girls Club of Portage County (WI), win the second annual Triple Play Fit Family Challenge. This year’s Challenge helped five families from across the country incorporate principles of the BGCA Triple Play program into their lives over a period of six weeks. Have a look at their journey through their blog! , Help your local Boys & Girls Club win a $5,000 Walmart gift card and $1,000 in Elmer’s products! Use an Elmer’s® TriFold Display Board that you bought at Walmart and make something creative. You can create anything from a project for school or work, an inspirational craft project, memory/vision board, or a project displaying how BGCA helps create great futures. Snap a photo and you could win for your community! , If you’re shopping for new artwork this holiday season, remember GreenBox Art + Culture, a Boys & Girls Clubs of America partner. GreenBox is donating $1 per order received from the company’s three retail websites to BGCA.

, The holiday season kicks off this week with great family gatherings, football games, and shopping! While you're planning your gift list for friends and family, please remember to Give the Gift of a Great Future for Boys & Girls Clubs of America. There are many easy ways to show your support. Which ones will you choose?, What a beautiful spring day out! What? Fall? Are you sure? I'll take it! I knew those red and yellow trees looked suspicious. What's your favorite part of the changing seasons?, This holiday season Boys & Girls Clubs of America is proud to partner with Best Buy to Give the Gift of a Great Future. From November 18-27, Best Buy will donate $2 for every Facebook Check-In at any Best Buy store in the U.S. for up to $250,000! See our website for more details!, Good Monday morning! It's so foggy out I can't see the tops of some buildings! So today, I'm thankful I don't work at the top of those buildings. And I'm thankful for family time and football at the end of this 3-day work week. What you thankful for today?, Mario Lopez has joined Boys & Girls Clubs of America and our partners to encourage the public to Give the Gift of a Great Future this holiday season. Supporters can donate to BGCA in one (or three!) of three ways via GreatFutures.org/give: Donate to BGCA’s cause; Get social and like BGCA or one of BGCA’s participating partners on Facebook; or Participate in one of BGCA’s partner offers. , This holiday season Boys & Girls Clubs of America is proud to partner with Best Buy to Give the Gift of a Great Future. From November 18-27, Best Buy will donate $2 for every Facebook Check-In at any Best Buy store in the U.S. for up to $250,000! See our website for more details!, The EA SPORTS Maui Invitational college basketball tournament is a proud supporter of BGCA & will air our new PSA during several upcoming games. Be sure to tune in to the ESPN family of networks this Monday-Wednesday, Nov 21-23 and catch all the excitement as Duke, Kansas, Memphis, Michigan, UCLA, Georgetown, Tennessee and host Chaminade do battle to see who will be this year's EA Sports Maui Invitational Champion., Mario Lopez has joined Boys & Girls Clubs of America and our partners to encourage the public to Give the Gift of a Great Future this holiday season. Supporters can donate to BGCA in one (or three!) of three ways via GreatFutures.org/give: Donate to BGCA’s cause; Get social and like BGCA or one of BGCA’s participating partners on Facebook; or Participate in one of BGCA’s partner offers. , Who will be the Triple Play Fit Family Challenge winner? Mario Lopez on Extra will announce the winner today. Learn more about our impressive families and what they've learned about health and nutrition on our blog!, Congrats Dennisse C., member of BGC of Trenton/Mercer County, N.J., who won the Lisa Sullivan Award from One Economy, receiving a $5,000 college scholarship & recognition as the top Digital Connectors student! She plans to major in political science and attend law school with a focus on immigration law., Mario Lopez has joined Boys & Girls Clubs of America and our partners to encourage the public to Give the Gift of a Great Future this holiday season. Supporters can donate to BGCA in one (or three!) of three ways via GreatFutures.org/give: Donate to BGCA’s cause; Get social and like BGCA or one of BGCA’s participating partners on Facebook; or Participate in one of BGCA’s partner offers. , Here are some pictures from the Kmart/Protege “Join the Movement, Inspire the Future” tour, which stopped at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia this summer. Kmart is donating 50 cents from every pair of Protege sneakers sold through the end of the year to BGCA. , Desmond Howard and the team at ESPN Gameday have been super to all of the BGC kids this season who have been given VIP experiences each and every week of the college football season down at the Gameday set.  Check out the photos from the last few weeks with BGC Lansing, MI; BGC Tuscaloosa, AL; Challenger’s BGC in Los Angeles; and BGC Peninsula at Stanford University.  Thanks Desmond.  Thanks Gameday!, Thank you Paul Mitchell Systems for your support over the holidays. Check out the exclusive Tarina Tarantino designed holiday gift sets proudly bearing the BGCA logo! , Sign up for BGCA's online news and updates. And, after you've signed up, download neat desktop wallpaper for your computer. http://bgc.am/1l, Nothing highlights the value of Club staff members and the special relationships they have with Club members more than this tender story shared by a dad about his daughter, Kendall, who attended the BGCA-affiliated Youth Center in Ft. Drum, N.Y. http://bgc.am/1j, Meet Patrick Larkin, the chief professional officer for Camp Lejeune Youth Activities. Find out why Patrick is recognized by Maytag as a face of dependability for Club kids and families!http://bgc.am.z, Maytag is recognizing Faces of Dependability at BGCA. At Camp Lejeune (N.C.) Youth Activities, Maytag salutes Patrick Larkin, who provides stability for kids whose parents are on active duty., Lucille O’Neal attended Boys & Girls Clubs as a child. Then, as a military wife and mother, she relied on the Club to help keep her four kids off the streets. This Veteran’s Day, remember to salute not only those who have served, but the families that served with them. http://youtu.be/Tk-Vw-QWwIk, Boys & Girls Clubs and the U.S. Military are providing great futures for today’s youth. Meet six State Youth of the Year winners, who with the support of BGCA-affiliated Youth Centers on military installations, are excelling in school and in life. http://bgca.org/meetourpartners/Pages/Military_State_YOYs_2011.aspx, Retired Colonel and former Deputy Director of Marine and Family Programs, Dr. Kenneth Dunn was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame just this year. After a distinguished, 30-year career with the Marine Corps, Dr. Dunn is a volunteer coach and tireless advocate of mentoring programs. , We Salute Our Veterans!
Send warm wishes to active or retired military personnel and wish them a Happy Veterans Day., Rear Admiral Earl Gay of the U.S. Navy is a Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Famer who has maintained his relationship with his Club through the years. "Giving back is not a job," he says. "It's everyone's responsibility to assist when and where you can."

, Are you a military family? Do you need a place for your children to go after school? Military youth have access to a one-year, no-cost membership at a traditional Boys & Girls Club. Check out our Mission Youth Outreach brochure and then find your nearest Club. , U.S. Coast Guard Commander Dan Travers loved playing sports and had a passion for Torch Club and Keystone Club. He was named Massachusetts Youth of the Year in 1984. Some 25 years later, Commander Travers continues to draw upon the leadership skills he learned during his Club days. “Clearly, the Club helped me become the person I am today – a leader in the Coast Guard and my community.” , More than 70 percent of military families live outside military installations. Military youth have access to a one-year, no-cost membership at a traditional Club. Today, more than 15,300 military youth are served at 1,216 traditional Clubs. See an overview of our military partnership below. , Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame member Craig Fitzgerald started at the Club and journeyed around the world. He joined the U.S. Air Force where he served as an instructor and pararescuer until he was injured in a rescue reconnaissance mission in Afghanistan. Craig went on to hike the 2,200-mile Appalachian Trail to benefit fellow veterans. Watch his story here. , Boys & Girls Clubs of America is a 20-year partner of the U.S. Military and is proud to serve our servicemen and women and their families, both active and retired. We provide support to BGCA-affiliated Youth Centers on military installations across the United States and abroad in addition to providing military dependents with memberships to traditional Clubs within their communities. Happy Veteran’s Week!, Our Triple Play Fit Family Challenge is nearing its end for 2011. Five families have competed over the last few weeks to live a healthier lifestyle and blogged about their progress. Check out the Triple Play Blog to follow their journey and leave words of encouragement. , Boys & Girls Clubs of America was announced today as an “Official Youth Development Partner” of The PGA of America and United States Golf Association! "Our missions are positively aligned, as we work together to help kids achieve academic success, build character and develop healthy lifestyles through golf.” -- PGA President Allen Wronowski, Did you know... Nine percent of Boys & Girls Clubs are affiliated with the U.S. military., Did you know... 390 Boys & Girls Clubs are located in public housing., AMD is a Boys & Girls Clubs of America partner for the implementation and support of the Club Tech: Game Tech program at a growing number of BGC facilities. Their most recent installation was at a Houston Club. Check out this blog entry about their Club experience! 

, To support his Believe Charity Drive, Justin Bieber donates a portion of proceeds from his November 1 holiday album, Under the Mistletoe, to several nonprofits, including BGCA. Did you guess right?, Boys & Girls Clubs of America partner Michaels Stores is hosting a supply drive through tomorrow, Oct. 29, at their retail stores to benefit community Boys & Girls Clubs. , Meet Patrick Larkin, the chief professional officer for Camp Lejeune Youth Activities. Find out why Patrick is recognized by Maytag as a face of dependability for Club kids and families!http://bgc.am.z, Oscar-nominated actor and Club alum Mark Wahlberg visited Boys & Girls Club in Dorchester, Mass., to encourage teens and kids to stay in school. Wahlberg visited the Club to promote "Graduate to Go," an educational initiative. He will also be on CNN’s Anderson Cooper 360 tonight. In the meantime, enjoy this video from today’s CBS Early Show! , You've met John Paul DeJoria behind the scenes at our PSA video shoot. Now see the business side that has enabled him to give back to the Club he loves. Check out his full interview with Barbara Walters on 20/20 tonight. , Join Party City in supporting Great Futures for Youth!  Party City will support Great Futures for youth and Boys & Girls Clubs of America through their in-store dollar campaign through October 31. Before the festivities begin, visit Party City and support Great Futures for youth and BGCA! , Make sure to tune into Extra! tonight! Mario has an extra-special guest and you won't BELIEVE what he's doing for BGCA!, We want to wish a very happy birthday to singer, songwriter, musician and BGC Alum Natalie Merchant!, Join in an Artrageous auction featuring dynamic street art held by art and framing retailers, Aaron Brothers, and you benefit Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Auction ends Oct. 28., Check out these NEW pictures from the Kmart/Protege 'Join the Movement, Inspire the Future' tour, which stopped at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Miami this summer. Kmart is donating 50 cents from every pair of Protege sneakers sold through the end of the year to Boys & Girls of America. Visit http://bgc.am/0B for details. , As many as 15.1 million kids have no place to go after school. Boys & Girls Clubs are OPEN every day after school, when kids, and parents, need us most. Small change can create a big difference for BGCs during jcpenney's pennies from heaven campaign. From October 12-25, round up your store purchases to the nearest dollar. All funds stay with Clubs in your community., Dove, our SMART Girls program sponsor, is sponsoring a weekend of self-esteem building activities at several Boys & Girls Clubs across the United States. We are teaming up to help increase self-esteem and reduce the anxiety about looks in 15 million girls by 2015. Visit Dove for more info on Dove Self-Esteem Weekend., Join Party City in supporting Great Futures for Youth!  Party City will support Great Futures for youth and Boys & Girls Clubs of America through their in-store dollar campaign through October 31. Before the festivities begin, visit Party City and support Great Futures for youth and BGCA! , The Impact of Boys & Girls Clubs of America - By the Numbers, PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: There have been several "responses" to our posts and posts made on our wall that say something like, "I can't believe you're in this picture with her..." with a link. DO NOT CLICK THE LINK. This is a virus. We are not perpetuating it. It is not something we have done. Completely random. I'm deleting them as I find them. Be safe out there!, As many as 15.1 million kids have no place to go after school. Boys & Girls Clubs are OPEN every day after school, when kids, and parents, need us most. Small change can create a big difference for BGCs during jcpenney's pennies from heaven campaign. From October 12-25, round up your store purchases to the nearest dollar. All funds stay with Clubs in your community., Happy birthday wishes to Shaffer Chimere Smith, Jr., Boys & Girls Club alum, singer, actor and all around great guy! But you can call him Ne-Yo. , Members of the Boys & Girls Club of the Umpqua Valley visit Desmond Howard and crew on the set of ESPN Game Day this past weekend in Eugene, Oregon., BGCA alum and athlete Shaun White paid a special visit to the Boys & Girls Club in Las Vegas, where he officially unveiled his new action sports hard goods line. Shaun spoke to 150 kids at the Club where he presented each member with new gear from his collection.  He then gave select members of the Club a VIP Experience at the Dew Tour. We love to see our alums giving back in any way they can. Thanks, Shaun!, More than 70% of girls age 15-17 avoid normal daily activities like attending school, going to the doctor, and sharing opinions because they feel bad about their looks. Fight back! You hold the key to decreasing anxiety and increasing self-esteem in all kids. Thank you and our SMART Girls partner, Dove, for fostering confidence in our youth. , After the HUGE headache of the last week, making changes to a ton of Web pages, recreating our YouTube channel... YouTube was able to reload our original channel! Share the news! http://www.youtube.com/bgcastaff is back! Please disregard our .net news blast on Friday! , Happy birthday wishes to FIVE time Grammy-winner and Boys & Girls Clubs Alumni Hall of Famer Usher! Have a GREAT day! , Join Party City in supporting Great Futures for Youth!  Party City will support Great Futures for youth and Boys & Girls Clubs of America through their in-store dollar campaign through October 31. Before the festivities begin, visit Party City and support Great Futures for youth and BGCA! , Happy Birthday to National Youth of the Year Ambassador - Ashanti! Share your birthday wishes to her below and we'll pass them on!, Happy birthday to Rhett Akins, country music singer and songwriter and Boys & Girls Clubs alum. Enjoy your day!, The MLB season is in the home stretch with the Milwaukee Brewers, Detroit Tigers, St. Louis Cardinals and Texas Rangers all vying for a World Series title.  Tune in to the games on FOX for all the great Fall baseball action.  You just may see BGCA’s new PSA featuring CC Sabathia during the broadcast as well as the BGCA logo behind home plate.  Thank you MLB. We LOVE this time of year!, Has someone or something been dependable for you lately? Is it a Boys & Girls Club, family member, colleague or mentor? Honor those who are dependable by adding them to Maytag’s Faces of Dependability gallery., Who was the 1st left-handed quarterback to be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame? BGC alum Steve Young. Happy birthday Steve!, Here are some photos from our Kmart/Protege basketball skills competition, which stopped off at 10 Boys & Girls Clubs this summer! Now through Dec. 31, Kmart is donating $.50 to Boys & Girls Club of America for every Protege shoe sold. (Some exclusions apply.) Learn more by liking the Protege Facebook page or take the Protege pledge! http://bgc.am/0B , Happy Birthday to Mr. Extra himself, proud Boys & Girls Club alum, and Alumni Hall of Famer, Mario Lopez. Thank you so very much for your continued support!, They jumped…and jumped...and jumped – nonstop for two consecutive minutes. A total of 20,425 Boys & Girls Club members, staff and volunteers jumped their way to officially breaking the Guinness World Record for Star Jumps (Jumping Jacks). Check out Gold Medalist Dominique Dawes leading children from a Los Angeles Club last spring! Way to go, BGCA!, Regional and National Youths of the Year meeting with President Obama in the Oval Office. (c) White House 10/5/2011, If you haven't met them, yet, now is a GREAT time to meet our Regional and National Youths of the Year in this Behind The Dream segment from Fox News. , Good Monday, folks! Looks like we're starting the week out on the wrong side of the bed. Our YouTube channel has been hacked and all of our videos are GONE! Oh, noes! We're working with YouTube to fix things, but it's unlikely you'll be able to access the videos for a day or more. I'll keep you posted., Happy birthday to actor, comedian, rapper, entrepreneur, record producer AND BGCA alum, @NickCannon! Great Futures Start Here!, Dove’s Movement for Self Esteem has joined Boys & Girls Clubs of America and our SMART Girls program to encourage healthy attitudes and lifestyles that will enable early adolescent girls to develop to their full potential. Please support our partnership by sharing your inspiration on the Dove Movement Tab., We want to wish a very happy birthday to Boys & Girls Clubs alum John 'No-Longer-Cougar' Mellancamp! Hope you have a terrific day!, Kool & the Gang at the Great Futures Gala is Atlanta tonight!, Think the summer concert season is over? Think again! Katy Perry, Smashing Pumpkins, Widespread Panic, Josh Groban and more are touring nationwide this fall. Get exclusive tickets thru TicketsforCharity.com and directly benefit Boys & Girls Clubs! , Join Party City in supporting Great Futures for Youth!  Party City will support Great Futures for youth and Boys & Girls Clubs of America through their in-store dollar campaign through October 31. Before the festivities begin, visit Party City and support Great Futures for youth and BGCA! , Good early morning, everyone! It is BEAUTIFUL in Atlanta today. I hope it's as lovely where you are. On another bright note, check out our wall to see what YOY Nick has to say about his trip yesterday!, VSP want to provide 50,000 Club kids with free eye exams and free glasses – a donation worth $19 million! Thanks to you we’ve helped 10,000 kids, already. Please help us distribute the other 40,000 exams to the Club kids in your community by taking the VSP Eye Pledge. You can choose to direct a free exam and glasses to your local Club or the Club with the most the need. , Every excited! Our Regional (and National) Youth of the Year are meeting President Obama today. A life-changing event, I'm sure. Have fun!, Been keeping a low online profile today as we overcome all of the excitement of the last 2 weeks. Besides, all that I was inspired to do this morning was talk like a pirate and I don't know if you could stand a whole day of pirate-only posts. Arrrr! Maybe one day, though! :), Pop/punk band We The Kings recently paid a visit to the MLB Fan Cave to perform and share their message of anti-bullying.  The band was joined by members of the South Queens Boys & Girls Club who took part in the conversation.  Check out the video below and check out the gallery of pics from the visit. http://bgc.am/0Z Thanks WTK and MLB. We think you rock!, Jose, a future musician, traveled to Denver as a National Club Tech Digital Arts Festivals. Watch how he discovered a love for digital media and music. Thanks Microsoft Citizenship and Comcast dream big for creating opportunities like these for our youth! , Thanks to the generosity of the Shane Victorino Foundation, the newly-renamed Shane Victorino Nicetown Boys & Girls Club has been restored to its former glory and will serve as a beacon of hope for the children in the Philadelphia neighborhood. Read about the project here (http://bgc.am/0V) and be sure to check out some of the great photos from the All-Star grand opening in our photo gallery. , And last, but certainly not least, in our promotion of our Great Futures Start here PSA, is the lovely Ms. Jennifer Lopez, talking about her time at the Club., Dove’s Movement for Self Esteem has joined Boys & Girls Clubs of America and our SMART Girls program to encourage healthy attitudes and lifestyles that will enable early adolescent girls to develop to their full potential. Please support our partnership by sharing your inspiration on the Dove Movement Tab http://bgc.am/0R, He first picked up his boxing gloves at a Club. Today, he still fights us. Check out this 1-on-1 with BGCA Alumni Hall of Famer, "Sugar" Ray Leonard., No, really! He says that Boys & Girls Clubs made him "Magic." See for yourself!, It is widely believed that after-school programs have a positive effect on the academic success and social behavior of at-risk students. A study by Posner and Vandell found that children who participated in quality after-school programs were better emotionally adjusted and had better peer relationships. Donate a status update to Boys & Girls Clubs of America (there's only two days left), and you’ll support developmental youth programs across the country. , I know, I know. I'm late! But I couldn't leave the relay races happening in our break room! I stepped out during musical chairs, just for you guys! (You think I'm kidding, don't you!?) This morning's featured BGCA alum 1-on-1 video is with the great Smokey Robinson. How is Aretha Franklin connected to his Club experience?? Click to find out more!, We've been really excited to share this news with everyone because it's SO BIG! We are excited to announce that famed NBA superstar LeBron James has received the Champion of Youth award from Boys & Girls Clubs of America! We are proud to join hands with him as he helps start Great Futures with us. He is a True Champion. , Love @MarioLopezExtra as much as we do? Want some own 1-on-1 time with him in LA? He can be yours for as little as $55! http://bgc.am/mario, It's been a week now that we've been sharing our new PSA, "Great Futures Start Here." It's time to introduce you to the man behind the camera, Academy Award-winning director and actor Ron Howard. See his finished work at http://bgc.am/psa, There are only two more days to pledge with Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Charles Schwab Foundation to Make Change Count. Show your family and friends you are committed to a great financial future by pledging to save money, spend wisely, plan for college and share what you know! , Good morning, folks! We've spent the last week & a half sharing alum stories. Today I have videos from 2 major advocates you may recognize. But I think I need some coffee first. In the meantime, I'd like to know what your favorite part of the new PSA is! I'm particularly fond of the military family scene. , Actor Edward James Olmos sat down with a 1-on-1 interview during our PSA shoot to talk about the Clubs' continued impact on kids. Again, I'm not picking favorites, but today's posts have made me very proud of our organization!, Meet ballerina Misty Copeland, first African American female soloist for the American Ballet Theatre, in NYC this December! 100% of the proceeds benefit Boys & Girls Clubs of America. http://bgc.am/Misty_ebay , It's time to meet actress and Club alumn Kerry Washington. She talks about her Club experience, how a dance teacher taught her to stand up for herself, and watching a future "JLo" do her thing as a featured Club dancer. , TODAY is the last day to bat for BGCA at StateFarm.com/GoToBat. You could help us raise money and win a trip to the 2011 @MLB World Series! , "Life will put limits on you; the Boys & Girls Club will not." That wonderful charm of wisdom comes from none other than BGCA alum Ne-Yo. I don't have favorites, but I LOVE this video., We’re happy to celebrate Latisha Franklin, Club manager with the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee, our next honoree in Maytag’s national ad campaign about dependability. You can see her ad in a variety of magazines on newsstands now. Check out her video & show your support. , Meet ballerina and Boys & Girls Clubs alum, Misty Copeland. No, really. MEET Misty. Check out this 1-on-1 video with Misty at the recent PSA shoot and then bid to win a meet & greet Club experience and performance tickets in NYC. Starting at $50! http://bgc.am/Misty_ebay., Imagine how great it would be to meet one of our celebrity Club Alumni! Well here’s your chance - @Boys & Girls Clubs of America is auctioning off the chance to meet Mario Lopez and Misty Copeland. Plus you can get your very own autographed class photo from other alumni! Check it out and start bidding!, Youth of the Year Nicholas Foley has invited everyone to follow his new journey on Twitter. You'll find him as @nickfoley_BGCA. I'm sure he already has lots of stories to tell! , Imagine how great it would be to meet one of our celebrity Club Alumni! Well here’s your chance - @Boys & Girls Clubs of America is auctioning off the chance to meet Mario Lopez and Misty Copeland. Plus you can get your very own autographed class photo from other alumni! Check it out and start bidding!, So who do you think the most competitive Boys & Girls Club alum from our new PSA might be? Shaq? CC Sabathia? Let's hear it from the Olympic champion, himself! , null, An entrepreneur by the age of 7, John Paul DeJoria now owns multiple businesses, including Paul Mitchell. See his enthusiasm about his Boys & Girls Clubs here., Imagine how great it would be to meet one of our celebrity Club Alumni! Well here’s your chance - @Boys & Girls Clubs of America is auctioning off the chance to meet Mario Lopez and Misty Copeland. Plus you can get your very own autographed class photo from other alumni! Check it out and start bidding!, Who do you think said it? "Life will put limits on you; the Boys & Girls Club will not." Hint: They are in our new public service announcement but have not yet been featured in a RELEASED 1-on-1 interview., Good morning, World! Welcome to all of our new fans. Hopefully what I have today will whet your appetites. I'm going to kick it off with the Big Guns! Find out how Shaquille O'Neal beat the streets and became a team player (one of the best!) in this 1-on-1 video., Remember a teaser I did a few weeks ago showing former YOY Mona Dixon getting all glammed with a styling team? If not, check it out at http://bgc.am/m. This photo is the net result. We're very proud to say that Mona was named one of The Next Generation of the Most Influential Black Women by Essence Magazine. Get your copy now!, Have another look at Youth of the Year Nicholas Foley with the "key" to his new Toyota, one of this year's YOY prizes with kind thanks to Toyota and Toyota Financial Services! Not only will the taxes for the car be paid, he'll get SIX years of free maintenance. We are SO excited for him!, It wouldn't be Youth of the Year day here if we didn't thank our program sponsor, Tupperware Brands. You're absolutely fabulous! See more about this amazing program below. , There were THOUSANDS of photos taken and submitted to us yesterday surrounding our DC events and this is absolutely my favorite. Have a look at Nicholas Foley hearing his name announced as the 2011-2012 Youth of the Year. See his story at http://www.bgca.org/yoy, Good morning, all! Today is Youth of the Year Day here at BGCA Social! Let's kick it off with our 1-on-1 interview with Ashanti during the PSA shoot. Ashanti is our YOY Ambassador!, Sorry for the delay! Here is the 1-on-1 interview with Denzel during the filming of today's PSA. I will have at LEAST 2 new videos every day for the next week+ from other alum like Ashanti, Shaun White, Ne-Yo, Magic and... JLo! So stick around!, Have a look at this segment from Morning Joe on MSNBC this morning featuring Denzel Washington and Ron Howard! (working on the Denzel 1-on-1 video for you!) , To say we're a tad exhausted after all of the furious, flustering, fabulous fun that was this morning's Youth of the Year announcement and PSA release would be a HUGE understatement (I just typed "hug" instead of "huge"). I can't think of a better way to end the day than with a new video from our very own co-spokesperson, Denzel Washington. Let me get it set up for you!, Check out the clip from last night's ABC Nightly News with Diane Sawyer featuring our regional Youth of the Year and PSA launch., TRIVIA: Did you know that multi-Grammy award winner Beyonce sings the song "I Was Here" as featured in our new PSA? http://bgc.am/youtube, WORLD PREMIER!    -----> Great Futures Start Here <-----, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Tupperware Brands are PROUD to announce Nicholas S. Foley of the Sarah Heinz House Boys & Girls Club in Pittsburgh as our 2011-2012 Youth of the Year! Nicholas receives a $50,000 college scholarship from The Rick and Susan Goings Foundation, and a new Toyota, including taxes and 6 years free maintenance, from Toyota Financial Services., YOY Update: Denzel is speaking now. Waiting for 2010-11 YOY Mona Dixon to speak and then the announcement! We love you Mona!, Our new Youth of the Year will be announced in less than an hour. We're so excited and on pins and needles waiting to hear!, JUST IN! Watch the ABC Nightly News with Diane Sawyer tonight. It runs at 6:30 p.m. in most markets. Our 5 Regional YOYs were interviewed, along with Denzel and Ron Howard!, Here's my last video for today. Martin Sheen talks to us about Boys Clubs in the 50's. , In order to bring you the BEST quality video for tomorrow's PSA release we will be releasing it on YouTube first. That will happen sometime between 10:30 - 11:30 am EST. The fastest way to get the notification that the video is up and ready to share will be to subscribe to our YouTube channel. I will have it up on Facebook as quickly after as I can, but subscribing to YouTube is your best bet! , This photo is from the PSA shoot. It is NOT an optical illusion., What is even more exciting than the PSA? Announcing our NEW Youth of the Year! The final interviews were this weekend & we'll know tomorrow!, ********** 1 **********, Boys & Girls Clubs of America takes you behind the scenes of our biggest Public Service Announcement ever! And it's here ONLY for our Facebook fans! Let me know what you think!, I have this Behind the Scenes PSA video that I'm not quite sure what to do with. Any suggestions?, Ok. So the secret is out! We've been counting down to a HUGE new Public Service Announcement for Boys & Girls Clubs of America entitled "Great Futures Start Here." We're especially excited because we were able to bring together nearly 2 dozen alumni,  an Oscar winning director, a multi-Grammy winning songwriter, AND a multi-Grammy winning singer to make it all come together. But who wants to see THAT?! , This is it! The first of many videos I get to share this week. Let me know what you think about this Great Future that got its start at a Boys (& Girls) Clubs back in the day!, Ok, all! First little snippit of what we have prepared for you will be available only here on Facebook starting at 3pm EST! , ********** 2 **********, How did you celebrate Day for Kids? Upload your favorite pictures!, Would anyone like a small taste of what we've been cooking up this week?, I don't even know where to start I'm so excited! Big, HUGE week here at BGCA! First and foremost, we're announcing our new YOUTH OF THE YEAR! This is what we live for here - our kids. And these are the finest among them. Meet our finalists here! Oh, and that little countdown you've been seeing, well get ready for Denzel, JLo, Ashanti, Ne-Yo, Martin Sheen, Shaun White and SO many others it will Blow. Your. Mind. , Saturday Sept 17, DFK.  Hiking and camping with kids., ********** 3 **********, Be the first person to get ACL tickets for 2012! Click the link and "Like" the page, and AMD will donate $1 for each "Like" to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. You'll then be eligible to enter to win ACL Fest tickets for 2012 or a Dell Inspirion.  , Celebrating Day for Kids in Kansas City today with our @sprint Media Safety Poster Winner Alexis C!, ********** 4 **********, Tomorrow is Day for Kids and you are invited to join the celebration! Visit http://www.dayforkids.org to find an event in your area.  , ********** 5 **********, Be the first person to get ACL tickets for 2012! Click the link and "Like" the page, and AMD will donate $1 for each "Like" to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. You'll then be eligible to enter to win ACL Fest tickets for 2012 or a Dell Inspirion.  , Welcome to all our new followers! Let me tell you, you got here JUST in time. Next week is going to be CRA-ZY! I'm so excited, I can't wait to let you all in on things!, How do you plan to celebrate Day for Kids? We've heard of everything from walks to pig roasts to our local touch football game last night!, Meet Tamika Mallett, Boys & Girls Clubs of America's Midwest Regional Youth of the Year. Our National Youth of the Year will be announced next week! Good luck to everyone!

, ********** 6 **********, Congratulations to Alexis C. from the Children’s and Youth Programs, Camp Pendleton Boys & Girls Club. She received first place in the Sprint Media Safety Poster Contest hosted on myclubmylife.com and proved she was savvy about media safety! Her winning poster on the danger of cyberbullying was one of more than 700 entries. Check it out!, ********** 7 **********, Are those golf clubs you got at a yard sale 3 years ago still sitting in the garage, untouched? Sign up to donate new & used sports equipment that will benefit athletes of Boys and Girls Clubs of America., I know you guys are thinking, "What? All business, no banter?" (You were, right?) Well, we're SUPER busy cooking up some HUGE surprises for next week. Haven't seen any clues about that, have you? Happy Wednesday, all!, Stand up for BGCA by adding yourself to the State Farm® Go to Bat™ Wave. Tweet #GTBWave and check it out!, ********** 8 **********, Submit your own Day for Kids Star of the Day!, We are giving Day for Kids Stars to people who spend meaningful time with a young person by participating in active play. Post on this statement on our Facebook wall: “I’m giving away a DFK Star to (nominee) for playing (state how they spend meaningful time with their kids).  Don’t forget to add a photo or video supporting your statement.  , Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Charles Schwab Foundation are in the final month of Make Change Count. Don’t miss an opportunity to educate yourself and become financially aware for your future. Take the pledge today http://makechangecount.com/, Happy birthday today to Ruben Studdard, former American Idol and Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame! http://ow.ly/6s83w, ********** 9 **********, On Sept 11, our thoughts and hearts are with those who lost loved ones, the amazing emergency responders, and our great nation. Let’s roll!, Happy birthday today to basketball great, and Boys & Girls Club Alumni Hall of Famer, Bob Lanier! Enjoy your special day!, Happy birthday to Boys & Girls Clubs' alum and female soloist for the American Ballet Theatre, Misty Copeland!, Now through Dec. 31, Kmart is donating $.50 to Boys & Girls Club of America for every Protege shoe sold. (Some exclusions apply.) Learn more by liking the Protege Facebook page or take the Protege pledge!, Meet Darnisha Victorain, Boys & Girls Clubs of America's Pacific Regional Youth of the Year!, One day. One Facebook status. That's all it takes to lend your voice to at-risk kids and families. It will also help determine what portion of $100,000 in grant money we receive from Aviva USA. Donate your status today through Status for Youth!, Tag you are it! Play the Day for Kids Tag game., Check out the latest Amway Positive Sprouts Garden Build in Cypress, CA, featuring Miss America 2011 Teresa Scanlan!, Club members visit the ESPN College GameDay crew in Arlington, TX prior to the Oregon/LSU game.  Thanks to GameDay crew member and BGC fan Desmond Howard, each week teens from local Boys & Girls Clubs will receive a special behind-the-scenes experience of the national broadcast as the show visits college campuses around the country for week's best football matches. Thanks Desmond!, Tag you are it! Tag yourself in the Day for Kids photo that illustrates how you enjoy spending time with a young person. (If you tagged yourself before, please do so again! We lost the old album and don't want you to be left out!), Let's hear some back to school shout outs! Who started back to school today?, Happy birthday to the MASTER of the boards (skate, snow, surf??) and Boys & Girls Club alum Shaun White. Check out a new interview with Shaun featuring myclubmylife.com teen reporter and YOY Mona Dixon!, Meet Nicholas Foley, Boys & Girls Clubs of America Northeast Regional Youth of the Year!, Did you know it was Friday?! This week FLEW by! And it's a 3-day weekend for most of us. Do you know what that means?! It's a 4-day workweek next week! How do you plan on spending your long holiday weekend?, Tune into BET’s 106 & Park at 5pm TODAY to see 100 lucky Boys & Girls Club teens celebrate back to school! Thanks, AT&T!, Wow! We are a little more than 500 Bagel Bites Snack Simply pledges away from 70,000! Can you help us make the final push? We encourage you to “simply” make the most of snack time & take the Bagel Bites Pledge to help raise $ for BGCA! Share with your friends and help get us to 70,000!, BGCA Youth of the Year Scholarship supporter and Marquette University alum Dwyane Wade visits with members of Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee to stress the importance of staying in school and graduating., Want an easy way to show your support? Donate your status to Boys & Girls Club through the Aviva Status for Youth program. Not only will your status update provide awareness for our mission; it will help determine what share of $100,000 in grants we receive from Aviva., Happy birthday wishes to stage and screen legend and Boys & Girls Club Alumni Hall of Famer Ben Gazzara!, Now through Dec. 31, Kmart is donating $.50 to Boys & Girls Club of America for every Protege shoe sold. (Some exclusions apply.) Learn more by liking the Protege Facebook page or take the Protege pledge!, “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” Mahatma Gandhi, Looking to improve his life after surviving a tragedy filled childhood, BGCA's 2011 Southeast Youth of the Year found great support from the staff at his local Boys & Girls Club in Orlando, Fla., Want to see how small change can make a difference? Simply watch jcpenney's pennies from heaven video and you'll collect virtual pennies that jcpenney will turn into a real donation to afterschool programs like Boys & Girls Clubs of America - up to $1,000,000!, Good morning, friends! Top of everyone's mind this morning is a gal named Irene. Please be safe all of our friends, Clubs, kids, volunteers and staff on the East Coast. Don't take evacuation orders lightly. -- Michele (former Charlestonian), Connect with your family and your community! Pledge to make the most of snack time by choosing simple, wholesome snacks and Bagel Bites® brand will donate $1 to BGCA. Help us raise $65,000+ and empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority!, 80% of what you learn is through your eyes. One VSP Vision Care pledge = One more Club kid who can see graduation in his future. Please support our vision partner and our kids by taking the pledge today., A survey by Charles Schwab says 9 out of 10 teens were “affected by the recession.” Pledge to make a positive change with Make Change Count, Tupperware Brands and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” Tupperware’s Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Wishing the mid-East Coast well during the after earthquake mess. Hope everyone is safe!, Instead of a foul weather day policy, I would like to see a beautiful day policy. It is BEAUTIFUL outside. What would YOU be doing?, Play State Farm® Go to Bat™ for Boys & Girls Clubs of America and be a hero to the people we help. www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat, .@KeystoneBGCA is a leadership development experience that provides opportunities for teens. Our kids tell you more here: http://ow.ly/69EEy, Want an easy way to show your support? Donate your status to Boys & Girls Club through the Aviva USA Status for Youth program. Not only will your status update provide awareness for our mission; it will help determine what share of $100,000 in grants we receive from Aviva. , Happy Birthday wishes to Kenny Rogers, Boys & Girls Clubs alum. Many happy returns!, VIDEO: Singer Kelly Rowland teamed up with AT&T and BGCA/myclubmylife.com for a back-to-school fun event in NYC! See the teen reporter video here and check out the full article online at http://ow.ly/67U6q, Boys & Girls Clubs of America is featuring our five outstanding Regional Youth of the Year in anticipation of our National YOY announcement in September. Meet DeShaun, Southwest Regional Youth of the Year., Boys & Girls Clubs of America and VSP announce the launch of the VSP Eye Pledge campaign - for every Eye Pledge taken, VSP will donate a free eye exam & glasses to a child in need served through BGCA. With your help, up to 50,000 children nationwide will receive the gift of sight, a total donation valued at more than $19M! For info & to take the Eye Pledge to help a child in need, visit: http://bit.ly/vspeye4, And the 2,445th star of the Hollywood Walk of Fame goes to... Boys & Girls Clubs alum Danny DeVito! Congrats, Danny! You make us proud!, Thank you for helping us reach our goal of 65,000 pledges! Thanks to your enthusiastic support, Bagel Bites increased its charitable donation to Boys & Girls Clubs of America for a total of $65,000. Let’s keep it going and see where we land in these last 2 weeks. Help empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority and take the Bagel Bites pledge to Snack Simply! Please pledge now! 
, The RBI (Reviving Baseball in Inner Cities) World Series championship was this last weekend! Congrats to the Champs (have a look!) and thanks to MLB for sponsoring another amazing program., Today is Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence's Tough Girl Tuesday and they are celebrating Yingluck Shinawatra, who was recently elected to be Thailand’s first woman prime minister. Shinawatra’s opposition derided her chances in the election. Shinawatra won by a landslide. 

Have you ever found yourself being underestimated and, if so, did you use it to your advantage?, Often Internet access is critical for young people to complete school assignments. Did you know that more than 33% of American homes are not connected? Our Club Tech partner @Comcastdreambig aims to bridge the digital divide with its Internet Essentials program. Families can sign up to receive affordable Internet service and a low-cost netboook. Help us spread the word!, Our partner, Dove, needs your ideas! Add your suggestions for conversation starters, games and every day activities that encourage girls to embrace their unique beauty to the Dove Community Self-Esteem Tip Sheet here: http://on.fb.me/9qMMKq, Happy Birthday wishes to Boys & Girls Clubs of America alum Magic Johnson, pictured here recently with Lucille O'Neal (AKA Shaq's mom). Many happy returns!, Family & Friends discounts & donations. Help Boys & Girls Clubs of America earn up to $100,000 - use this flyer at Sear’s Sunday, Aug. 14, 6 p.m. - 9 p.m.!, Kmart continues its spirit of giving through their Protege Movement initiative. Now through Dec 31, 2011, the retailer will donate $.50 for each eligible pair of Protégé shoes purchased to Boys & Girls Clubs of America, with a minimum of $100,000., Family & Friends discounts & donations. Help Boys & Girls Clubs of America earn up to $100,000 - use this flyer at Sear’s Sunday, Aug. 14, 6 p.m. - 9 p.m.!, Happy Birthday PC! In 1981 IBM introduced its first personal computer including a diskette driver. Recently our Club Tech teens checked out 3D computer technology at the Microsoft Store. My we have come a long way! Who remembers MS-DOS and floppy disks?, Thank you, Advocates! You have helped empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority and taken the Bagel Bites pledge to Snack Simply! Your response has been so overwhelming that Bagel Bites has offered to donate another $15,000 on top of their generous initial donation of $50,000 if we can get to 65,000 pledges. Please pledge now! , Thursday Roll Call: Let us know who we're sharing information with!, Help Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Charles Schwab Foundation reach 10,000 pledges to Make Change Count. Learning important financial practices has never been easier. Pledge now to change your financial future. http://ow.ly/606aq, The Toy Industry Foundation and Boys & Girls Clubs of America distributed toys on Friday, August 5, 2011 to more than 5,000 family members at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek - Fort Story in Virginia Beach. BGCA has nearly 4,000 Club facilities throughout the country and on U.S. military installations worldwide., Good morning, everyone! We've been busy adding NEW pictures to our photo album from America's LARGEST WAKE UP CALL for Back to School, featuring Kelly Rowland and our partner, AT&T. See them all here! And let us know if you were there! Make sure to tag yourself in the photo!, "It was an intimidating place, real dark." But LeBron James has brought it new light. http://ow.ly/5Z6zz, Tupperware Brands and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too! , Today, LeBron James cut the ribbon to open a new Boys & Girls Clubhouse named in his honor today in hometown of Akron. The LeBron James Family Foundation donated $240,000 to renovate and re-open an unused portion of the facility, part of $3 million donated nationwide to initially support more than 50 Boys & Girls Clubs across the country. The new “LeBron James Boys & Girls Club” will provide a safe environment for more than 125 children and teens after school, during the summer, and other out-of-school time., Check out this Behind the Scenes sneak peek at BGCA's 2010-11 Youth of the Year, Mona Dixon. Shhhh... TOP SECRET! We'll unveil more as the details are shared!, Play State Farm® Go to Bat™ for BGC A and make a difference with every swing. http://www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat, Good morning, world! Great expectations for a new week! There are school busses everywhere here in ATL. Who else is headed back 2 school this week?, Want to support Boys & Girls Clubs of America AND enter for a chance to win 2 three-day passes to Austin City Limits Festival 9/16-18 to see Coldplay, Kanye, Arcade Fire, and Stevie Wonder? Head over to our Club Tech: Game Tech technology partner, AMD's, page and "Like" them. BGCA will get $1 for each Like and you will be able to enter to win the passes. Good luck! , Are you READY for the new school year? Boys & Girls Clubs of America and AT&T sure are! Yesterday’s event kicked off the back to school season with the LARGEST WAKE UP CALL with Kelly Rowland., Rita emigrated from Iraq to Jordan to the United States all before the age of six. Two years later she joined the Club and began life anew, personally, socially and academically. See more about our Youth of the Week here! , Kelly Rowland talkes about her new album and Back 2 School with Boys & Girls Clubs of America on the Today Show. Check it out!, Connect with your family and your community! Pledge to make the most of snack time and Bagel Bites® brand will donate $1 to BGCA. Help us raise $65,000 and empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority! http://www.snacksimplypledge.com, Happy Birthday wishes to Ramón Estévez, AKA Martin Sheen! He's pictured here with John Paul DeJoria BTS (behind the scenes!) at our recent PSA shoot. Share your birthday wishes below!, Tomorrow Boys & Girls Clubs of America and AT&T will kick off the back to school season with the LARGEST WAKE UP CALL – a call to action for youth, parents and communities to BE READY for the new school year. Check out more info on the BE Ready initiative!, Happy Birthday wishes to @Antwone_Fisher, BGCA alum and award-winning film and literary writer. Read more about him here http://ow.ly/5Uh72, Boys & Girls Clubs of America has partnered with Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence and Kelly Clarkson to foster self-esteem in young women. Support Chain of Confidence and they will donate $1 to BGCA for each “like” to their page. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Have you donated your Facebook status to Aviva USA's Status for Youth? For one day on August 30th, everyone's Facebook status will be something we actually care about! You get to lend your voice to Boys & Girls Clubs of America's collective voice and you'll influence what share of $100,000 in grants we receive from Aviva. It's fast, easy and free. , Congrats to Olympic champion & BGCA Alum Shaun White on his X Games Skateboard Vert gold medal, his 13th overall! http://ow.ly/5S0pD, Knoxville Boys & Girls Club kids learn to swim with help from Olympic champ Michael Phelps http://ow.ly/5QroW, Join the pennies from heaven challenge by completing fun tasks that enable you to collect virtual pennies for kids. Help meet jcpenney’s goal to raise 100 million pennies online for a real donation of $1 million to afterschool programs. http://ow.ly/5Qr20, Julius could have been a statistic - another child from a broken home with a single mother who worked multiple jobs to make ends meet. But Julius’s mother had a secret weapon – a Club background. http://ow.ly/5QqlU, Last chance to cast your vote for your favorite poster in the Sprint and Boys & Girls Clubs of America Media Safety Design Contest. The competition is close and every vote helps these teens get their message out about media safety. Cast your vote before our polls close Sunday 7/31. , Make a promise to read with a child; then ask your friends. For every five promises, Walmart will give a child a book. http://ow.ly/5PRfa, Thank you, advocates! You have helped empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority and taken the Bagel Bites pledge to Snack Simply! Your response has been so overwhelming that Bagel Bites has offered to donate another $15,000 on top of their generous initial donation of $50,000, so pledge today at http://www.snacksimplypledge.com to support BGCA!, Happy Birthday celebrations today for BGCA Alum Alex Rodriguez! Many happy returns, Alex!, Who exhibits dependability in your Boys & Girls Club or your life? Is it a family member, colleague or mentor? Honor those who are dependable by adding them to Maytag’s Faces of Dependability gallery., Check out this great video of LeBron James visiting two LA-area Clubs. LeBron's contributions have made a world of difference to all of the kids at these Clubs and we are very grateful! , Tupperware Brands and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too! , Bat for BGCA at www.StateFarm.com/GoToBat and you could help us raise money and win a trip to the 2011 MLB® World Series®., Ready to change your financial future and get smart with money? Pledge to Make Change Count with Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Charles Schwab Foundation., Happiest Birthday wishes to @BGCA_Clubs Alumni Hall of Famer and Earth Wind & Fire bassist Verdine White! http://ow.ly/5MEIV, Oh, wow! Can you believe some kids head back to school next week?! What advice do you give to kids as they head back to the (hopefully air conditioned) halls of knowledge?, Happy birthday wishes to BGCA Alum and national spokesperson, Jennifer Lopez!  Best wishes for a GREAT year!, Join the pennies from heaven challenge! It’s fun, free and easy, and it helps benefit afterschool programs, including Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Watch a video, download a song, speak up on Twitter and more to collect virtual pennies. jcpenney will turn them into real change—up to a $1 million donation! Join the challenge today. http://www.jcp.com/pennies, Make a promise to read with a child; then ask your friends. For every five promises, Walmart will put a book in the hands of a child., You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience by which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.’” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt. BGCA and Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence want to know: How have your experiences – good or bad – given you confidence?, You guys support BGCA is so many ways! From donations, to clicking to win us funds from businesses, to advocating for us and the youth we support. THANK YOU! You have no idea of the true scope of your impact on our organization, our Clubs and our kids. Please take a moment to pay yourselves on the back and know we would do it if we were with you! --Michele, Boys & Girls Clubs of America encourages you to “simply” eat right this summer.  Bagel Bites® pizza snacks have 8 grams of whole grains and 7 grams of protein -- you can have a delicious and wholesome snack or mini meal in 5 minutes! Take the Pledge to Snack Simply and help us raise $50,000!, Youth of the Week Spotlight - Maria Hernandez of Tennessee: “I am a product of the Boys & Girls Clubs. They have built a sound foundation to help me lead a positive life and to maintain a well-rounded sense of being and character.” , Make a promise to read with a child; then ask your friends. For every five promises, Walmart will put a book in the hands of a child., Holy fireball in the sky! I don't know if you've been outside today, but it is H.O.T. - HOT! What are your best tips to keep comfortable (and safe!) in this extreme summer heat? (And if you have an air conditioned pool, please invite me over!!), Today's the last day! Check out the World Football Challenge coming to the U.S. this summer. www.worldfootballchallenge.com/. BGCA is the proud domestic charity partner.  They are sending kids to games and raising money for BGCA through unbelievable soccer auctions. Check it out! , Are YOU a Boys & Girls Club?? Are you SOCIAL? On Twitter (@bgca_clubs)? On Facebook? Make sure you're following us and we'll follow back! Big news coming!, Continue to cast your votes in our Media Safety Design Contest sponsored by Sprint. The race for a top spot is close so show your support for your favorite poster design by voting now through the end of July., Auctions end tomorrow! BGCA has been named the domestic charity partner for the World Football Challenge.  Check out the truly unbelievable auction items being offered through charitybuzz.com www.charitybuzz.com/WFC2011, the proceeds of which benefit BGCA and international charity partner UNICEF., Only 2 more days to check out the World Football Challenge coming to the U.S. this summer. www.worldfootballchallenge.com/. BGCA is the proud domestic charity partner.  They are sending kids to games and raising money for BGCA through unbelievable soccer auctions. Check it out!, Craving something sweet? Stop by Pappas Restaurant through tomorrow ONLY to enjoy a tasty desert and a portion of your proceeds will help support Boys & Girls Clubs of America.  Find a participating Pappas Restaurant near you!, Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence has started "Feel Good Fridays," where they share inspirational songs. Today, it's Beyonce's "Run The World (Girls)." If there are any powerful, uplifting songs that inspire you and make you feel confident, please let us know in the comments. They may even post it next Friday!, Take a look at how one of our lucky Clubs will use funds won during MLB's State Farm Home Run Derby. Exciting changes are afoot!, From a home life where language was a true impediment, to a Club life where he found his voice, Van learned ways to help himself and others. http://ow.ly/5EOBd, We’re proud to recognize Jerry Glidewell, executive director with Fort Smith Boys & Girls Clubs, our next honoree in Maytag’s national ad campaign about dependability. You can see his ad in a variety of magazines on newsstands now. Check out his video & show your support! , BGCA is an organizational member of the National Alliance for Grieving Children. We're proud to be attending its 15th annual conference this week in Boston. Thank you to New York Life for being a sponsor of both BGCA and NAGC!, BGCA has named Nicholas Foley, 17, a 10-year member of Sarah Heinz House Boys & Girls Club (Pittsburgh), the 2011-12 Northeast Region Youth of the Year. He receives a total of $11,000 in college scholarships from the Youth of the Year program’s sponsor Tupperware Brands Corporation. Foley was chosen from thirteen candidates within BGCA’s Northeast region and will compete for the national title in Washington, D.C. in September., Don’t miss out on this delicious opportunity! Today through Sunday ONLY, enjoy a decadent dessert at your favorite Pappas Restaurant and help support the Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Check out all the locations below! , The State Farm Go to Bat season has begun! Join the BGCA team and you could win a trip to the 2011 MLB World Series., Boys & Girls Clubs of America has partnered with Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence to foster self-esteem in young women. Kelly Clarkson explains that "Confidence is key, you have to know what you love to do, where you want to take your career and you have to be assertive about it". Are you doing what you truly love to do? If so, how did you figure it out?, The numbers are in! State Farm® Home Run Derby® Drives Home Donations for Charities: Event raises $603,000 including $428,000 for Boys & Girls Clubs of America - Robinson Cano walks away with Derby title!, Technology #FAIL! Sorry, guys! The link from last night's posting regarding Sprint’s Media Safety Design Contest was a dud. Please see this new & improved link. Thanks and enjoy!, What an AMAZING evening! MLB's State Farm Home Run Derby was an excellent treat for everyone involved. We're still crunching numbers, but the amount of funds raised for local Boys & Girls Clubs is MIND BLOWING! Special congrats to Yankees' Robinson Canó, winner of the 2011 State Farm HR Derby with 32 HRs! Thank you to all of our amazing sponsors!, Club teens got creative for Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Sprint’s Media Safety Design Contest. Help us choose the top poster entries that best exemplify messages from playing safe online to texting and driving. Vote as often as you like through the end of July for your favorite poster design and media safety message! http://ow.ly/5BRsd, RT @ripkenbaseball: Cal & @theMandyMoore take a photo w/ Phoenix Boys and Girls Club kids prior to the @StateFarm clinic. http://ow.ly/5ByJt, Check out the World Football Challenge coming to the U.S. this summer. Boys & Girls Clubs of America is the proud domestic charity partner.  They are sending kids to games and raising money for BGCA through unbelievable soccer auctions. Check it out! , Have your dessert AND support Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Visit your nearest participating Pappas Restaurant from July 11 to July 17 and a portion of the proceeds will benefit BGCA! Indulge in Pecan Pie, Sopapillas, Banana Pudding, Tres Leches, or other favorites @ Pappasitos Cantina, Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen, Pappas Bar-B-Q, Pappas Burger, Pappas Seafood House or Yia Yia Mary’s Greek Kitchen., Want an easy way to show your support? Donate your status to Boys & Girls Club through the Aviva Status for Youth program. Not only will your status update provide awareness for our mission; it will help determine what share of $100,000 in grants we receive from Aviva., Check out the World Football Challenge coming to the U.S. this summer. www.worldfootballchallenge.com BGCA is the proud domestic charity partner.  They are sending kids to games and raising money for BGCA through unbelievable soccer auctions. Check it out!, Play Ball!  Tune in all week to the 2011 Major League Baseball All-Star Week festivities to see Boys & Girls Club youth have baseball dreams come true. Thanks MLB!  As always, we have all the deets for you right here!, Tupperware Brands and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Two weeks ago, Director Ron Howard filmed a public service announcement featuring 20 prominent Boys & Girls Club alumni, including BGCA Spokespersons Denzel Washington and Jennifer Lopez. , Boys & Girls Clubs of America encourages you to “simply” eat right this summer.  Bagel Bites® pizza snacks have 8 grams of whole grains and 7 grams of protein -- you can have a delicious and wholesome snack or mini meal in 5 minutes! Take the Pledge to Snack Simply and help us raise $50,000! , Alex spent his 14th birthday running from Hurricane Katrina. In its wake, he became an avid volunteer and active student. http://ow.ly/5yLPW, Now is a more important time than ever be financially ready for the future. Join Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Charles Schwab Foundation to Make Change Count. Pledge to save money, spend wisely, plan for college and share what you know. All it takes is a few simple steps. Head down the path of a great financial future today! , What makes you smile?, null, null, null, null, null, Did you know... Nine percent of Boys & Girls Clubs are affiliated with the U.S. military., Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence want to know: If a good friend asked you how you gained the courage to make it to where you are, what would you say? Support Chain of Confidence and they will donate $1 to BGCA for each “like” to their page. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America has been named the domestic charity partner for the World Football Challenge.  Check out the truly unbelievable auction items being offered through charitybuzz.com, the proceeds of which benefit BGCA and international charity partner UNICEF., Did you know... @BGCA_Clubs has nearly 4,000 Club facilities throughout the country and on U.S. military installations worldwide., “Freedom is never free.” Thank you to those who pay the price for us. We salute our nation’s military & their families this Independence Day, The NBA’s Olden Polynice chose BGCA as receive proceeds from Nopooh’s “Ride Fast” t-shirts sold through 7/13. Go to nopooh.com for details., From Torch to Keystone, classroom to playing fields, Dawn has made impacts in her community and strides in her life. http://ow.ly/5v6H3, Boys & Girls Clubs of America has partnered with Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence and Kelly Clarkson to foster self-esteem in young women. Support Chain of Confidence and they will donate $1 to BGCA for each “like” to their page. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Connect with your family and your community! Pledge to make the most of snack time by choosing simple, wholesome snacks and Bagel Bites® brand will donate $1 to BGCA. Help us raise $50,000 and empower youth to make wholesome nutrition a priority! , Happy Social Media Day! Thank you to all of our Advocates who share our commitment to education, health and nutrition, and good character!, Did you know... Boys & Girls Clubs of America annually serve some 4 million young people through membership and community outreach., Who exhibits dependability in your Boys & Girls Club or your life? Is it a family member, colleague or mentor? Honor those who are dependable by adding them to Maytag's Faces of Dependability gallery. , Participating Sears Hometown Stores are donating 2% of sales TODAY to BGCA! What better time to replace old appliances or just shop?!, Tupperware and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Last week Boys & Girls Club members got moving on Capitol Hill. The event not only featured the latest in gaming technology but also the next generation of innovators. For several weeks youth worked with Microsoft mentors to conceive and develop original video games using Kodu Game Lab, a program designed to inspire interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education., Guess who we've been hanging out with!? What does YOUR future look like?, We have partnered with Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence to foster self confidence in young women. In this video, Kelly Clarkson explains that surrounding yourself with the right people is critical to your self-confidence and personal well-being. Support CoC and they will donate $1 to BGCA for each “like” to their page. Share this on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Shoutout to Michael Phelps and Michael Phelps Foundation for supporting safe swimming & Boys & Girls Clubs of America! See Michael supporting Olympics Day on the Today Show here: http://ow.ly/5pxgH Then click below and see summer safety tips! , A snack that tastes good AND has wholesome ingredients?  All that wholesome goodness packed into the yummy taste of a Bagel Bites® pizza snack – now made with 8 grams of whole grains per serving. Take the Pledge to Snack Simply this summer and raise money for BGCA!, Extra! EXTRA! Tune in to tonight’s broadcast for an exclusive first look and behind-the-scenes interviews with some of the stars of BGCA’s new promo video shot this past Tuesday! Former Club Kid and EXTRA host Mario Lopez was there and has the inside scoop! , New promo coming soon! Special thanks to Ron Howard, Brian Grazer, Michael Rosenberg, Denzel Washington, Jennifer Lopez, Gen. Wes Clark, Misty Copeland, John Paul DeJoria, Ashanti, Cuba Gooding Jr., Magic Johnson, Jackie Joyner-Kersee, “Sugar” Ray Leonard, Mario Lopez, Ne-Yo, Lucille O’Neal, Shaquille O’Neal, Edward James Olmos, Smokey Robinson, Martin Sheen, Courtney B. Vance, Kerry Washington, and Shaun White!, A world traveler due to his father’s Army career, Tyler Lisbon moved to Fort Riley, joined his Teen Center, and distinguished himself as a mature, service-oriented young man. , Tim McGraw! Katy Perry! Josh Groban! Seeing their concerts can actually raise money for Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Check out Tickets for Charity!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America has named DeShaun Bennett, a 10-year member of BGC of Central Arkansas, the '11-12 Southwest Region Youth of the Year. He receives a total of $11,000 in scholarships from program sponsor Tupperware Brands Corporation. Bennett was chosen from 8candidates within our Southwest region and will compete for the national title in Washington, DC in September. Congrats, DeShaun!, RT @monas_journey: One of the BEST days of my life @BGCA_Clubs PSA! Find out more Sept. 21 Bgca.org/sept21, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, AMD Grow Partnership to Expand Youth Game Design Program http://ow.ly/5n5LT, Sometimes being a "tough girl" is also about realizing and accepting your personal vulnerabilities. Support BGCA's partnership by “liking” Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Happy OFFICIAL first day of summer, friends! What's on YOUR agenda this summer?, Let’s have a conversation about dependability. What does it mean to be dependable? How do Boys & Girls Clubs exhibit dependability for the youth and communities they serve? 
, Boys & Girls Clubs of America has partnered with Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence and Kelly Clarkson to foster self-esteem in young women. Support Chain of Confidence and they will donate $1 to BGCA for each “like” to their page. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America is proud to support former Clubber and Alumni Hall of Famer Shaquille O'Neal and his Oreos auction! YOU could win a SIGNED package of TRIPLE Double Stuf Oreos! Bid now! , BGCA teamed up with Amway US this past weekend to bring a Boys & Girls Club their very first garden! Club kids joined community volunteers, master gardeners and Amway staff to plant organic fruits and vegetables. Amway’s Positive Sprouts program teaches youngsters about nutrition, organic gardening and cooking from the garden. It supports and celebrates Boys & Girls Clubs commitment to enabling youth to lead healthy , Boys & Girls Clubs of America is excited to announce that Jim Clark, current president and CEO of Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee, will be joining our national organization as president and CEO beginning January 2, 2012. Thank you Roxanne Spillett for 32 years of dedicated service! Congratulations Jim! , Boys & Girls Clubs of America encourages you to “simply” eat right this summer.  Bagel Bites® pizza snacks have 8 grams of whole grains and 7 grams of protein -- you can have a delicious and wholesome snack or mini meal in 5 minutes! Take the Pledge to Snack Simply and help us raise $50,000!, Tupperware Brands Chain of Confidence and BGCA believe that everyone deserves to grow up in a safe environment, develop self-respect, and take advantage of educational opportunities. Support our partnership by “liking” their page and they will donate $1 to BGCA to support our programs. Be sure to “share” this info on your page so your friends can take part, too!, Why one city is spending more on antigang efforts despite budget cuts feat Boys & Girls Clubs of America http://ow.ly/5hJQ6, Who helped start YOUR great future? View the video below featuring neurologist and Boys & Girls of America Alumni Hall of Famer Dr. Patrick Kelly and learn how BGCA shapes kids’ futures through mentoring and educational support. Then tell us about the heroes in your life. Be sure to “share” the video with your friends and challenge them to answer, too. Great Futures Start Here! http://ow.ly/5gyfJ, We’re proud to recognize James Seaton, Unit Director with Boys & Girls Club of Lenawee - Project Clubhouse in Mich. He’s being featured for his dependability in a national ad campaign by our partner Maytag. You can see his ad in a variety of magazines on newsstands now. Show your support and view his video, then share it with your friends!
, Illness sidelined Cluber Andrea early, but with the help of family and her Club she is on track and making a difference. http://ow.ly/5eirf, As one of our terrific advocates told us Monday morning - "Life is like monkey bars. You have to let go to move forward." So let go and let's get to moving our kids forward!, In the 2010 graduating class, three out of every 10 young people didn’t make the grade. Yet for African-American, Hispanic/Latino and Native Americans populations, this number is dramatically worse with just over half graduating on time. Are you part of the solution? We are., Good Monday, Friends! Let's kick off the week with a Positive Mental Attitude! What are some of your favorite sayings to get the week started right?, Weekend Challenge! What are your favorite summer games or activities, at home or at Club? We'll use your responses in another challenge next week! Rise & shine, Summertime!, BGCA enables all young people, especially those who need us most, to reach their full potential as productive, caring, responsible citizens., Need a Boys & Girls Club in your community? Please take a few moments to review how Clubs are started by the community. Clubs are started by a grass roots effort when the community sees the need for positive activities for kids and teens. Should you need additional information, contact the Regional Office in your area -- contact information is listed on the page linked below. , Congratulations to Shaquille O'Neal, BGCA Alumni Hall of Famer, on an incredible NBA career! We can't wait to see what he does next. We're sure it will BE GREAT!, DidYouKnow? Parents are looking for summer activity solutions for out-of-school kids. For information regarding activities and programs with Boys and Girls Clubs in your area, please contact the Club directly through our Find A Club search function. A staff member should be able to assist you! , Good morning to all our wonderful staff and volunteers who make each day a special day for kids. Let's make today GREAT!, The Boys & Girls Clubs of Springfield has created a relief fund for the staff, Club members and family members of the Boys & Girls Club of Southwest Missouri (Joplin, Mo.) who were affected by the recent tornado.  http://ow.ly/56SPe, Meet Caleb, one of Boys & Girls Clubs of America's Faces of the Future. In this video, Caleb talks about why he loves coming to the Club to learn how to make movies and music. Help Caleb and other Club kids receive a FREE copy of MS Office 2010 by asking your friends to LIKE our Facebook page. TODAY IS THE LAST DAY! 1 free copy for ever 10 likes. We've already achieved 1 free copy today. Help us get more!, Happy Tuesday morning, folks! Hope everyone had a great Memorial weekend. Special thanks to all the men and women how have served our great nation! Many of them have come through our Clubs and are extra special to us! Have a great week!, This is your last chance to give a Club kid a FREE copy of Microsoft Office 2010 by liking Boys & Girls Clubs of America's Facebook page. 1 free copy for every 10 likes! http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs, Carlos admits he could be on the streets engaging in negativity, but he found his way to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and found inspiration. Meet our Youth of the Week, Concerned about summer slide? Boys & Girls Clubs "Club Tech" program goes social with new outreach programs., Role models help create the faces of the future - Microsoft Unlimited Potential Blog - Site Home - TechNet Blogs via @msftcitizenship Microsoft Citizenship, Did you know? Boys & Girls Clubs of America ARE high tech. Check out what we've been doing! http://ow.ly/51Jfo, We’re hosting our first Twitter Party to talk about our Faces of the Future campaign and the AMAZING things Club members are achieving through Club Tech. Follow the #FaceoftheFuture hashtag at 8 pm EST to join the conversation and win prizes! Want to know more about twitter parties, check out this guide: http://ow.ly/50PFj , Thank you Alton Brown for helping plant a Good Food Garden with the Decatur, GA Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Comcast Cares #CCDay http://ow.ly/518dB , What was your favorite part of National Conference in NOLA? Who was your fave AHoF inductee? Which speaker inspired you the most? #bgca_conf, Enjoying the Conference Finale -- great entertainment by talented Club members, expert speakers, impressive award winners.  All in all a great week!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Conference speaker Ron Fairchild talks about the importance of summer learning programs., Wednesday night Aaron S. Williams, Director of the Peace Corps, was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share his video here. #bgca_ahof, Ed Lewis is the “Essence” of the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Movement and we appreciate his participation in our Board of Governors. #bgca_conf, Looking forward to learning more about the powerful partnership between Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Kiwanis! #bgca_conf, Wednesday night NBA Wonder Mom Lucille O’Neal was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share her video here. #bgca_ahof, Thank you to Myron Gray of UPS and The UPS Store for serving on the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Board of Governors and participating in our Conference. #bgca_conf, Almost time to wrap up this year’s Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference. We hope everyone leaves NOLA inspired and armed with great information and messages for their Clubs. Travel safely! #bgca_clubs, Wedsesday night former LA Laker AC Green, founder of the AC Green Youth Foundation, was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share his video here. #bgca_ahof, Rick & Susan Goings with Tupperware are SUPER volunteers! Thank you for supporting the Boys & Girls of America’s cause and for participating in our National Conference! #bgca_conf, Last night the Arizona Diamondback’s Luis Gonzalez was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share his video here. #bgca_ahof, Please join us in giving special thanks to General Russ Honore for speaking at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s 2011 Military Clubs Recognition and Awards event tomorrow. General Honore is a Louisiana native who will always be remembered as the “Category 5 General” for his efforts following Hurricane Katrina., Last night the United States Marine Corps’ Dr. Kenneth D. Dunn was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share his video here. #bgca_ahof, We appreciate Helena Foulkes of CVS for serving on the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Board of Governor’s. Enjoy the Conference and thank you for your contributions! #bgca_conf, Meet Alicia, Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s 2010 West Virginia Youth of the Year #bgca_yow, Last night Paul Mitchell’s John Paul DeJoria was inducted into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Fame. See & share his video here. #bgca_ahof, Thank you to Jeff Fettig with WhirlpoolCorp and Maytag for supporting the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and for your commitment to our Board. Enjoy out National Conference! #bgca_conf, "I've been able to hold up a world series trophy, but winning a Boys & Girls Clubs of America award is truly an honor." - Luis Gonzales #bgca_ahof, If you would like to follow the progress of tonight’s 2011 Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame awards, please join us on Twitter as we tweet live. Follow us at @bgca_clubs or http://www.twitter.com/bgca_clubs. For a recap of events tomorrow morning, check out www.bgca.org. #bgca_ahof, The best economic stimulus package is a diploma. That's what you're all about -- Gov Bob Wise #bgca_conf @All4Ed, We would like to extend a special THANK YOU to Courtney B Vance, a 2005 Boys & Girls Club of America Alumni Hall of Fame honoree, for returning to MC tonight’s AHoF event. This is Courtney’s 5th time hosting the even for us and we’re certain he’ll put on a great show! #bgca_ahof, We appreciate Ron Sargent with Staples, a Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alum and current Board Member. Thank you for coming to our conference. #bgca_conf, What an inspirational looking group of leaders!, Great job!, Looking forward to hearing Robert Wise, former governor of West Virginia and member in Congress, President of Alliance for Education, tell us how to put “A Diploma in Every Hand” at the next session! #bgca_conf, Congratulations to Boys & Girls Clubs of Americas’ 2011 Hall of Fame inductee John Paul DeJoria & thank you for your contributions. #bgca_ahof, Thank you Emil Brolick with Taco Bell for serving as Chairman of the Board for Boys & Girls Clubs of America and participating in our National Conference. We appreciate your leadership! #bgca_conf, TODAY is the start of the 2011 Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference. Thank you to everyone who has made this year possible. #bgca_conf, Welcome to New Orleans, Louisiana Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Celebrate much, learn more! A special thank you to NOLA and Governor Bobby Jindal for hosting us! #bgca_conf #bgca_ahof, Fact: Boys & Girls Clubs of America has inducted 142 former Club kids into its Alumni Hall of Fame over the years. Are YOU a future honoree? #bgca_ahof, Boys & Girls of Americas’ followers post about your National Conference experiences! Use #bgca_conf to reference the conference or #bgca_ahof to talk about Alumni Hall of Fame!, Thank you Dr. Kenneth D Dunn, 2011 honoree of the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame and Marine Corps officer, for your immeasurable contribution to youth in your community. We salute you! #bgca_ahof, I know that most of our Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference attendees are travelling today so please take a moment to wish them safe travels to NOLA! #bgca_conf, Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alum and spokesman Denzel Washington gave today’s commencement speech at the University of Pennsylvania. Amazing speech! Hear it here!, Please note that we will be increasing our number of posts this week as we follow the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference and Alumni Hall of Fame awards events. We will return to our normal posting schedule next Monday. Please enjoy!, Check out LeBron James’ new animated series on YouTube! He’s a HUGE Boys & Girls Clubs of America supporter and we LOVE him!, Congratulations Aaron S. Williams, Senate Director of the Peace Corps, on you induction into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s 2011 Alumni Hall of Fame. We thank you for your many years of service. #bgca_ahof, 4… 3… 2 more days until the start of the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference. Are you ready?, Welcome to the TEAM Ms. Lucille O’Neal, 2011 inductee to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame. Thank you for being an amazing mother and an amazing citizen! #bgca_ahof, Q: Who are the only mother-son “team” members in the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame? A: Lucille & Shaquille O’Neal #bgca_ahof, Hello weekend! Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference and Alumni Hall of Fame ceremony are only 5 days away. What do YOU look forward to learning in NOLA?, Congratulations to AC Green, former NBA all-star and founder of the AC Green Youth Foundation, for his induction into the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s Alumni Hall of Fame. Thank you for your impact on our Kids! #bgca_ahof, Which 4-time boxing World Heavyweight champion is a Boys & Girls Clubs of America Alumni Hall of Famer and former Olympian? A: Evander Holyfield, Homerun for Luis Gonzalez, Boys & Girls of America’s 2011 Hall of Fame inductee, and Arizona Diamondbacks and MLB legend! Congratulations, Gonzo, and thank you for being an inspiration to our Club Kids! #bgca_ahof, Q: What “triple threat” is a former Boys & Girls Clubs of America Kid and verified “most beautiful” person? A: Singer, dancer, actor Jennifer Lopez #bgca_ahof, Where will YOU be one week from today? Hopefully joining the Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference in NOLA! Looking forward to it @NOLAChamber! #bgca_conf #bgca_ahof, Let’s help our kids achieve academic success -- become part of the conversation! Watch A PATHWAY TO EXCELLENCE live at http://www.livestream.com/waitingforsuperman TODAY at 9:00 a.m. EDT, hosted by Participant Media, producers of the documentary, Waiting for “Superman.”  Tweet the expert panelists questions to @waitingsuperman with the hashtag #edtownhall., Growing up in Oshkosh Wisc., Logan S. was looking for direction in his life. Raised by his grandmother while his mother searched for her own way, Logan did not have strong role models to keep him on a path to graduation or for the working world. Read more: http://bgca.org/ClubTech/Faces/Pages/Logan.aspx, Q: Which 3-time Indianapolis 500 winner is a @BGCA_Clubs Alumni Hall of Fame honoree? A: Johnny Rutherford. Who will be inducted in 2011? #bgca_ahof, Interested in education?  Get involved!  Watch A PATHWAY TO EXCELLENCE live at livestream.com/ waitingforsuperman on Wednesday, May 11, at 9:00 a.m. EDT, hosted by Participant Media, producers of the documentary, Waiting for “Superman.”  Tweet the expert panelists questions to @waitingsuperman with the hashtag #edtownhall, Boys & Girls Clubs of America's followers: Post about your National Conference experiences! Use #bgca_conf to reference the conference or #bgca_ahof to talk about Alumni Hall of Fame!, Congrats to Boys & Girls Clubs of America's 2011 Hall of Fame inductee John Paul DeJoria and thank you for your contributions. #bgca_ahof, It’s time to get excited! Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s National Conference is only 9 days away! @NewOrleansCVB here we come! #bgca_conf, Congrats to Bre'anna Orr, 16, a member of the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Lowcountry, who was chosen to serve as a S.C. state senator for a day. Orr wrote a bill to protect teens involved in domestic abuse cases. Read more: http://savannahnow.com/hardeeville/2011-05-05/boys-girls-club-pens-bill-fight-domestic-violence , Boys & Girls Clubs think smart is cool! Looking forward to the May 9 event in NYC to promote education! Thanks for hosting this event:  Operation Hope and John Hope Bryant!, Tonight, Gladys Knight holds a benefit concert in NYC to promote National Train Day on Saturday.  During the concert THREE Club members will get to sing with her. Thanks to Gladys Knight, National Train Day and Amtrak for choosing BGCA as the benificiary and for including our kids!, Comcast Employees:  You Rock!! Last weekend, Comcast employees helped some 70 Clubs paint, repair, plant and more during Comcast Cares Day!  Check out the action from Spokane, Wash. video: http://bit.ly/iuJVqI #CCDay , BGCA will benefit from special movie premier ticket sales for Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, debuting tonight! Thank you to Disney and all of those who made this donation possible!, Amtrak Designates Boys & Girls Clubs of America as the Fourth Annual National Train Day Charity. Kicks off Train Day with a concert featuring Gladys Knight!
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/Amtrak-Designates-Boys-Girls-prnews-2212868594.html?x=0
, Zoe nears the end of her run from California to South Carolina, promoting Boys & Girls Clubs along the way! Go ZOE!!!! http://bit.ly/kzQQO0, Through the Club Tech program, Richard found and embraced his passion for music and video. Read more about why Richard is one of our Faces of the Future: www.facesofthefuture.org, "By using my skills and talents in music and video, I'm continuing to help promote positive change within my community. Hopefully I'm altering someone's life the way the Club has changed mine."  --Richard K., Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula.  www.facesofthefuture.org, "By using my skills and talents in music and video, I'm continuing to help promote positive change within my community. Hopefully I'm altering someone's life the way the Club has changed mine."  --Richard K., Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula.  www.facesofthefuture.org , Comcast Employees and Volunteers:  Thanks for all of your hard work this weekend at Clubs -- cleaning up, fixing facilities, gardening and more!! You are fantastic!, Great Read!  Reporter Diane Dimond shares her views about Boys & Girls Clubs on the Huffington Post. http://huff.to/lc5BfD, This Saturday, April 30, our partner Comcastdreambig will be giving back to communities across the country on more than 600 volunteer projects! BGCA will be at nearly 70 of those projects! Thanks Comcast employees!! http://www.comcast.com/corporate/about/inthecommunity/volunteer/comcastcaresday.html
, Boys & Girls Clubs of West Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Ala., was hit with about $100k of damage by the recent tornado. We'll keep you updated as we learn more., Zoe Goes Running . . . Coast to Coast!
This long distance runner is running 3,000 miles to raise awareness of the great things Clubs do every day! Wow!  What a incredible story:
http://www.bgca.org/newsevents/TheScoop/Pages/zoe_goes_running_042611.aspx, Last Chance to Round Up at jcpenney!
Shopping at jcpenney today? Round up your purchase price at the register and you donate to BGCA! http://bgca.org/meetourpartners/Pages/jcp_041411.aspx, Wheaties FUEL® recently launched its “FUEL a Future” campaign to encourage adults to mentor youth through sports. To kick start the campaign, Wheaties is asking adults to pledge to play one game of basketball with a child. When adults pledge to play sports at www.FuelaFuture.com, Wheaties FUEL will donate $1 per pledge to Boys & Girls Clubs of America!
, You can also help BGCA celebrate Earth Day by recycling your old cell phones through Sprint Project Connect. Clean up the environment! The net proceeds from all equipment collected will fund and promote free Internet safety resources for kids. http://bgca.org/newsevents/TheScoop/Pages/SprintCellPhoneRecycle031811.aspx, Help BGCA and the EPA get ready for Earth Day! Check out the ENERGY STARs Across America map and find cool energy saving events in your area! These events are great ways for you and your kids to learn about energy efficiency and what you can do to help protect the climate. And they have cool giveaways! Check it out and find an event in your area! www.energystar.gov/changetheworld.
, Great Community Support!
Boys & Girls Clubs of Sanford/Lee County, North Carolina, reacted quickly to support their community after it was devastated by a tornado earlier this week. They opened their doors to all kids so that parents could handle immediate housing needs and provided food and counseling for those in need. Learn more and show your support! http://www.sanfordbgc.org/, We asked Boys & Girls Club members to share their Vision for Future. Here is one youth's vision of peace. Visit www.facesofthefuture.org to see more Visions and vote for your favorite to win!, Boys & Girls Clubs offer youth creative, constructive outlets. Have you visited our Digital Arts gallery to see what kids are making at Clubs? http://social.bgca.org/k00, Vote for your favorite Club-member-submitted artwork and help a kid win a laptop! www.facesofthefuture.org , Have you voted to help a Club member win a laptop in our Vision for the Future Art Contest?, Will the next American Idol be a Boys & Girls Club alum? Check out some of the music created by one of our Faces of the Future., Submit your photo to the Promise Project Photo Mosaic and commit to helping America's youth succeed. http://social.bgca.org/Hkw, Donate $1 to support graduation and Taco Bell will give you a coupon for a taco! http://social.bgca.org/gXt, Baby runs wild. At Boys & Girls Clubs, thanks to digital arts programs, so do young imaginations. www.facesofthefuture.org., How many new Facebook LIKERS do we need for one Boys & Girls Club member to receive Microsoft Office software? , Meet Raven, today's Face of the Future. In this video, Raven talks about the Club Tech program and how it has helped her excel in school. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rTFyEUVxrA&feature=player_embedded, Today’s featured Face of the Future success story is Julio. Julio always loved working with computers, but it wasn’t until he joined the Club Tech program that he was able to truly get consistent hands-on technology experience. Read more about Julio: http://social.bgca.org/Ev9, America's workforce is expected to be digitally literate. But did you know that 23% of American children do not have access to the Internet and more than 8 million American children do not have regular access to a computer? How will these youth keep up with their peers in an ever-changing digital learning environment? Enter Club Tech. http://social.bgca.org/Hqv, Have you asked your friends to LIKE our page yet? For every 10 likes we get, one Club member will receive Microsoft Office 2010! Help us support digital literacy by spreading the word! www.facesofthefuture.org, Read about Nikki E., today’s Club Tech Face of the Future. Thanks to her experience as a MyClubMyLife.com reporter, Nikki was able to score an internship at People Magazine – and jump-start her journalism career! Read more about her: http://social.bgca.org/DDf, Did you know that nearly 8 million American youth don’t have regular access to a computer? This statistic is extremely important when you consider that these kids hold the future of our country in their hands. Boys & Girls Clubs, through programs like Club Tech, aim to turn the stats around. And you can help, too. Find out more at www.FacesoftheFuture.org. , null, Have you read our latest blog post? This one is written by Midwest Youth of the Year Tommy Walls. http://social.bgca.org/WVa, Visit naturalizer's website to vote for Boys & Girls Clubs of America -- they're donating $1 from each purchase to the nonprofit that receives the most votes. Help us win! http://www.naturalizer.com/content.aspx?contentID=friends-family&partinerid=fb_nat_FON, This week's featured youth, Tevonte, didn't have any positive male role models in his life. That is, not until he began attending the Boys & Girls Club. Thanks to staff at his Club, Tevonte found a new direction in life -- and now leads as a positive example for others. Read more about Tevonte: http://pub.vitrue.com/ZpW, April is Financial Literacy Month and Boys & Girls Clubs of America is committed to teaching teens the financial lifeskills they need to succeed in life. You can make the same commitment to youth -- take our Make Change Count pledge! You could even win a $50 gift card to pad your own financially-secure future. Find out more: http://pub.vitrue.com/jDU, Ever have one of those days where you question the path you're on? It happens to everyone. Read our latest BGCA blog post and find out why one Boys & Girls Club Vice President loves his job -- even on the days when he feels a little off track. http://pub.vitrue.com/7lZ, What does a Boys & Girls Club hero look like? Watch this video to find out. http://pub.vitrue.com/OE4, Shop and Support! From now until April 13, H&M is raising awareness about Boys & Girls Clubs and asking customers to donate at the check out. If you’re shopping for a new spring outfit, make sure to pop in H&M and support our cause, too! http://pub.vitrue.com/x0v, Did you know that half of all girls that participate in some kind of sport have higher-than-average levels of self-esteem? Watch this video and find out why great futures start at Boys & Girls Clubs! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F46PNMJ0EjU&feature=channel_video_title, It's National Boys & Girls Club Week and Clubs all over are celebrating -- get involved at a Club near you: volunteer, become a mentor, participate in a day of service activity or simply visit their website to learn more about their impact in your community. http://pub.vitrue.com/m2m, Put on your gym shoes -- Boys & Girls Club kids, staff and supporters everywhere are about to jump for two minutes!, Boys & Girls Club memers across the country are attempting to break a Guinness World Record tonight at 6:30 p.m. EST in an effort to promote healthy lifestyles. We will be doing jumping jacks for two minutes straight! Take our poll and tell us how many jumping jacks you can do in two minutes!, Join hundreds of Boys & Girls Clubs in breaking a fitness Guiness World Record -- Club members, staff and supporters are performing jumping jacks for two minutes straight! Grab your workout clothes and head to your local Club to be a part of the record-breaking action! http://pub.vitrue.com/ZYn, Happy National Boys & Girls Club Week! How are you celebrating the Week?, Thanks Dove, for supporting BGCA's National Boys & Girls Club Week -- and girls' self-esteem programming in Clubs across the country! Find out about Boys & Girls Club Week at www.bgca.org and the Movement for Self-Esteem at www.dovemovement.com., LeBron James talks with a Boys & Girls Club member about the person who inspires him most: his mom., LeBron James stops by Boys & Girls Clubs of America to promote digital literacy and education, the importance of physical fitness and character and leadership., A suprise celebrity athelete is stopping by Boys & Girls Clubs -- follow us on twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs to find out who and get live coverage of the visit!, LeBron's "The Gift" helps build Akron Boys & Girls Club. http://pub.vitrue.com/mgD, Find out how Microsoft arms Boys & Girls Club members with the technology they need to become digitally literate -- and prepared for a great future! Thanks for the blog post, Microsoft Citizenship! http://blogs.technet.com/b/microsoftupblog/archive/2011/03/16/technology-ties-to-great-futures.aspx, Read about two Boys & Girls Club mentors who made a difference in the lives of many youth over the years -- and even inspired one child to become a playwright. http://pub.vitrue.com/WsQ Does this make you want to volunteer your time? www.bgca.org, Thanks to strong mentorship and guidance, Nathan's Boys & Girls Club taught him leadership and perseverance. Learn more about our featured Youth of the Week: http://pub.vitrue.com/U47, Thank you, Bethany Hamilton, for your inspirational words last week at Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program's Conference. You taught our teens that no matter what life throws at them, they can prevail. Find out more about Bethany: www.soulsurferthemovie.com, Did you support the Gift for Opportunity fund this holiday season? Your contribution directly impacted food-insecure youth and families in communities across the country. Thank you. Find out more: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4qHgyJS4IA, Teens from Moody Aírforce base, Boys & Girls Clubs of Hawthorne and Boys & Girls Club of Monterey County got a look at what post-secondary eduaction looks like during the Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program College Experience tour over the weekend., Tonight Club members from the Los Angeles Boys & Girls Club will be featured on Extra, courtesy of Club alumnus Mario Lopez! These talented (and excited) Club kids were invited to surprise Jennifer Lopez – Club alumna and national spokesperson – by dancing to her latest single, “On the Floor.” The segment will be highlighted on Extra for some 15 minutes tonight -- don’t miss it!, Check out pictures from LeBron's recent visit to Boys & Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade. He was there to unveil a new gym and teen room (thanks, American Signature Furniture) as well as donate 1,000 new HP computers to the Club: http://www.flickr.com/photos/hp_pc/sets/72157626066142639/, Did you know a young girl is bullied every seven seconds? Thanks to the self-esteem-building programs at Boys & Girls Clubs and the commitment of partners like Dove®, we are teaching young girls skills to increase confidence and healthy conflict resolution. Find out more at www.bgca.org and through the Dove Movement for Self-Esteem at www.dovemovement.com., BGCA welcomes 1,500 Boys & Girls Clubs of America's National Keystone Program teens and advisors to the 2011 Keystone Conference, where these young leaders will discuss among other things, bullying, teen obesity and gang violence -- and participate in a community service project. Let's go, Keystoners! 

http://bit.ly/eXftmI, LeBron James tells Club youth that they are his inspiration. James spoke at a Boys & Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade teen center rennovation hosted by HP, American Signature Furniture and the LeBron James Foundation., Through programs like Money Matters, Clubs help teach kids the life-skills they need to make fiscally responsible decisions. www.makechangecount.com, Jay-Z and LeBron get hands-on to inspire and motivate Boys & Girls Club members in L.A. http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1658570/jay-z-lebron-james-two-kings.jhtml, Extended! Today and tomorrow, when you "like" Ore-Ida on Facebook, they'll donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Help support us by liking them now: http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/oreidapotatoes, Here's a shout out to Club member Karen Batani (Westminster, CA) who won a $30,000 scholarship at the NBA All-Star 2011 Taco Bell Skills Challenge. Congrats Karen!  http://tinyurl.com/664ywjx
, Yay Ore-Ida!! They've increased the potential donation to $200k!  Thank you Ore-Ida!  [Like Ore-Ida's Facebook page and you help BGCA.] http://www.facebook.com/oreidapotatoes, Be a Spud Bud!  For every “like” Ore-Ida receives on their Facebook page between now and Thursday, BGCA gets $1 (up to $100,000). Help us help kids by “liking” Ore-Ida’s page! http://www.facebook.com/#!/oreidapotatoes, Meet Briana Augustus, BGCA's Youth of the Week and member of Boys & Girls Club of Greater Baton Rouge. “To me, the Club means hope,” says Briana. "The Club gives those who never thought they could do anything a reason to believe in themselves.”  Learn more: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YouthOfTheWeek.aspx, Mona Dixon, BGCA National Youth of the Year: "Boys & Girls Club changed my life." http://www.womenetics.com/national-a-global/1756-mona-dixons-story-boys-a-girls-clubs-changed-her-life, "Like" John Wieland Homes and Neighborhoods Facebook page and they'll donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America! http://www.facebook.com/JWHomes , "Be Beautiful" Boys & Girls Club Poetry Contest Winner, Happy Valentine's Day! Show your love for that special someone -- and support Club youth -- by making a donation in their name. There's even a FREE (adorable) ecard to send them once you've donated! https://secure2.convio.net/bgca/site/Donation2?df_id=3561&3561.donation=form1, R & B legend Gladys Knight speaks with Boys & Girls Club youth before recording what is sure to be her newest hit, "The Dream"., Today is National Stop Bullying Day -- What do you do to increase self-esteem and help youth resolve conflict peacefully?, Nearly 9 million American youth are considered over-weight. Boys & Girls Clubs are combatting the obesity epidemic with confidence-building fitness programs that introduce youth to the one of the best parts of Boys & Girls Clubs: fun! http://bgca.org/whatwedo/SportsFitnessRecreation/Pages/SportsFitnessRecreation.aspx, Did you see Boys & Girls Club alumnus Usher last night at the Super Bowl? Read more about his Boys & Girls Club experience and check out other famous alumni: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/BEGREATAlumni.aspx, Wow! Now when you cheer for charity, Coke will donate $5 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America! Steelers? Packers? Whichever team you're cheering for, Club kids win! Post your cheer today. http://cokecheers.com/, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin Governors challenge their cities to be the first to get 10,000 Coke Cheers in support of Boys & Girls Clubs! Send a cheer for your team and kids win! http://newsblaze.com/story/2011020308040200002.pnw/topstory.html, BGC alumnus Mario Lopez asks you to Cheer for Boys & Girls Clubs at www.cokecheers.com http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoKFfF2O2XY, Did you know that 1 in 3 American children are overweight? Boys & Girls Clubs are helping to change this through fun and engaging fitness programs that also build communication and conflict resolution skills, team work and appreciation for excercise. http://bgca.org/whatwedo/SportsFitnessRecreation/Pages/SportsFitnessRecreation.aspx, Did you know that most members join gangs between the ages of 12 and 15? See how Boys & Girls Clubs are helping to buck this alarming trend: http://www.sacbee.com/2011/01/30/3360920/can-kids-at-play-help-defeat-gangs.html, Whether your are rooting for the Steelers or the Packers in the big game, you can support Boys & Girls Clubs just by sending a cheer! Coke is donating $1 to BGCA for every cheer sent -- so start cheering today: http://cokecheers.com/, Using new technology, Boys & Girls Club kids are learning how to make old music new. http://myclubmylife.com/TTI/Pages/New_Tunes_Through_Technology.aspx, What are you doing to help kids BE GREAT?, Know any aspiring artists? Encourage them to participate in the Doodle4Google contest and they could win a $15,000 college scholarship -- and be featured on the Google homepage! http://goo.gl/i8f76 , BGCA's former Southwest Youth of the Year and current Miss America 1st Runner Up, Alyse Eady, will appear on "Late Show with David Letterman" this Thursday, Jan. 20. Learn more about Alyse http://www.missarkansas.org/about_alyse.htm, This Monday, Jan. 17, millions of Americans will be honoring Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. by participating in volunteer service. What are you doing to give back?  www.MLKDay.gov 
, Musician Carlos Santana visited youth at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Las Vegas to honor one special artist who recently won Santana's T-shirt design contest. Check it out: http://www.vegasnews.com/38465/carlos-santana-visits-boys-girls-clubs-of-las-vegas.html, Our nation's dropout crisis is everyone's problem. What are doing about it? http://bgca.org/whywecare/Pages/EducationCrisis.aspx, Alyse Eady, a former Club kid and Southwest Youth of the Year, is competing in the 2011 Miss America Pageant! You can show your support by voting for her for the America's Choice award through Jan. 13. http://www.missamerica.org/videocontest/contestants/arkansas.aspx, It's Wednesday and you are struggling to get motivated: Watch this video for an infusion of inspiration -- then tell us how you help kids BE GREAT! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMfLzenCZSQ, Make a New Year’s resolution to become financially fit. Visit makechangecount.com to inspire everyone, especially youth, to improve their economic fitness through healthy financial behavior. Take the pledge and then proudly share it on your Facebook page, too! http://www.makechangecount.com/, January is National Mentoring Month. Have you made a resolution to be a mentor, tutor or inspiration to a youth? http://bgca.org/whoweare/Pages/FindaClub.aspx, Thanks to programs like Kids Cafe, Boys & Girls Club members stave off hunger with healthy, delicious meals. http://www.wickedlocal.com/allston/news/x1808778860/Gifts-of-Hope-Kids-Caf-in-Brighton-helps-needy-children-get-good-meals, Happy New Year, Boys & Girls Club fans! There's still time to make a tax-deductible donation of support: https://secure2.convio.net/bgca/site/Donation2?df_id=1180&1180.donation=form1&JServSessionIdr004=f45tuags44.app244b, Youth of the Year finalist Tommy Walls was recently interviwed by Milwaukee Public Radio. Hear what he had to say: http://www.wuwm.com/programs/news/view_news.php?articleid=7477, This holiday season, kids of Boys & Girls Clubs of Las Vegas found a magical Santa in Criss Angel. The star of the A&E special “Criss Angel Mindfreak” handed out magic kits to youth at the Club and awed the youth with amazing tricks., What is your best 2010 Boys & Girls Club memory?, How did you celebrate the holidays?, Happy Holidays from Boys & Girls Clubs of America!, null, Farmville addict? Bejewled fanatic? Now you can support BGCA by purchasing a virtual Boys & Girls Club T-shirt from POGO, creators of these games and more! http://bit.ly/gVgg5R, Only 2% is holding us back from 1st place -WE NEED YOUR HELP! ONLY 4 days left to vote! Please help Boys & Girls Clubs of America win $150,000 by voting for us until Dec. 25 in the Western Union www.50daysofgiving.com campaign. This will help the 4.2 million kids at more then 4,000 Clubs in the U.S. and on military bases in the U.S. and abroad!
, How are you celebrating the holiday season?, null, Thanks to TurboTax, you can donate to Boys & Girls Clubs of America without spending a dime! Just go to their facebook page and select us as your charity! http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/turbotax?v=app_172571382759285

, "It is unbelievable today in America how many hungry kids there are-- and we see many at our Clubs." Roxanne Spillett, President/CEO, BGCA
Thank you for supporting Boys & Girls Clubs and helping us serve the youth that need us most. http://youtu.be/ofuFXSdY8XU, Help us Spread the Joy! Decorate your own gingerbread cookie and post it as your Facebook profile picture: http://bgca.convio.net/images/EOY2010/eoy2010_3.html
, Boys & Girls Clubs are there for kids when parents can't be. Watch this video of BGCA's 2007 Youth of the Year speaking to the crucial role that his Club played in putting him on a path to graduation., Right now, when you give to the Gift for Opportunity Fund, Bank of America will match your donation to help neighbors (and kids) in need. http://message.bankofamerica.com/give/?cm_mmc=EBZ-CorpRep-_-TU-Twitter-_-9x68-_-, Boys & Girls Club alumnus Shaquille O'Neal (Shaq-A-Claus) visited the Roxbury Boys & Girls Club to deliver toys to the youth -- and challenge them to a dance-off in an effort to encourage fun and physical fitness. Check out his moves: http://espn.go.com/blog/boston/celtics/post?id=4678702, "Like" this post if you are voting to help BGCA win $150,000!  http://www.facebook.com/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767, Looking for the perfect gift to give your friends and family? http://bgca.convio.net/images/EOY2010/eoy2010_2.html, The Humphries Family of Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, D.C., are congratulated (from l-r) by Leslie Billinger, The Coca-Cola Company; Dr. Ian Smith; and Wayne Moss, BGCA, for winning the first-ever Triple Play Fit Family Challenge. The Humphries were selected as the winner among the Challenge's three competing families for how well they incorporated the Mind, Body and Soul principles of BGCA's Triple Play program into their lives. Read more about Triple Play here: http://bgca.org/whatwedo/SportsFitnessRecreation/Pages/TriplePlayResources.aspx, This week's featured youth credits her Boys & Girls Club with putting -- and keeping -- her on the path to college and a great future. Read more about her here: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YouthOfTheWeek.aspx
 

, Have you voted for BGCA today on Western Union's facebook page?  Please vote and ask your friends to do the same.  http://www.facebook.com/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767    Thanks!, Come on BGCA Supporters -- we are down by one percent! With your vote, we could win $150,000 that will go towards providing life-changing programs for youth that need it most. Thank you for voting! http://www.facebook.com/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767, New York Boys & Girls Club members were recently treated to a celebration featuring the new XBox Kinect -- and celebrity Mark Wahlberg. Read their thank-you notes to see first-hand how much they enjoyed the experience!, Club kids have art and sole! Along with Club alumni, Mario Lopez and Ashanti, Boys & Girls Club members hand painted classic UGG boots as part of a fundraising initiative by UGG Australia. Check out their amazing art: http://www.uggaustralia.com/artandsole/showcase/index.html, The panelists are discussing:
"Many students are graduating without the high school credits and coursework needed to successfully advance to college. What should we collectively or individually be doing to ensure that kids are getting the guidance and education they need to succeed in their pursuit of a post-secondary education?"
Thoughts?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv872t6xvxw, The panelists are discussing:

"How can the community support youth in need? Are we already doing enough?"
What do you think?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bsn7LlxNAmI, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_K3-KqoIHkc
The panelists are discussing: 
"What do you think CBOs (Certified Business Organizations, Nonprofits, etc.) should be doing to contribute to the future workforce?" 
Share your thoughts., The panelists are currently discussing:

"If there is no "Superman" -- as in, just one person or just one institution, then who are the super-men and -women in the community? Do you believe its possible to fix the educational situation we are currently in?" We want to hear your thoughts!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8KqIZ52D3E, Can members of the community help address the education crisis? The panel discussion starts now -- join in and share your thoughts on this important subject! http://www.bgca.org/newsevents/TheScoop/Pages/Superman_120210.aspx, Can members of the community help address the education crisis? We are discussing this and more today at 10 a.m. EST. Watch our Town Hall LIVE and join in on the conversation. http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs?v=app_142371818162&ref=ts, null, Please welcome our first-ever female National Spokesperson, Jennifer Lopez! She was introduced today by long-time supporter Denzel Washington. Both are amazing Boys & Girls Club alumni!, Have you voted for BGCA today? One click from you and we could win $150,000! http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767, From now until the end of the year, when you donate to Boys & Girls Clubs of America, the Toy Industry Foundation will match your gift by giving a toy to a military youth. http://bgca.convio.net/images/EOY2010/eoy2010_1.html, As you prepare to celebrate Thanksgiving with your family, be sure to check out the Family PLUS Cookbook, Just Add Family: Delicious Recipies for the Entire Family. The cookbook is a compilation of family-favorite recipes contributed by Club members across the country. 

http://familyplus.bgca.org/YourFamily/Pages/Cookbook.aspx, Happy Thanksgiving to everyone in the Boys & Girls Club network!, Today, we kick-off National Family Week with a look back at Dr. Michele Borba's informative webinar presented during the 2010 Family Strengthening Virtual Symposium, "Top 5 Parenting Problems and Their Solutions." Watch it here again: http://familyplus.bgca.org/symposium/michele_borba.htm, What healthy staples should be in your family's pantry? Watch this video to find out! http://bgca.org/newsevents/TheScoop/Pages/ChefMarvinWoodsforFamilyPLUS.aspx, The Wilson family puts final touches on their Family PLUS Cook Off dish before the judging begins., Tonight!Boys & Girls Clubs of America presents the 3rd Annual National Family PLUS Cookoff. Watch it LIVE here at 6 p.m. EST: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/6089011, Tennis star Venus Williams stopped by Kips Bay Boys & Girls Clubs to speak to youth about getting active. , National Family Week (Nov. 21 - 27) is next week! How are you celebrating the importance of family in your life? http://familyplus.bgca.org/YourCommunity/CommunitySupport/Connecting/Pages/NationalFamilyWeek.aspx, Make sure to vote for us to win $150,000 in the "50 Days of Giving" campaign! One click is all it takes -- and you don't even have to leave facebook. Thanks for supporting Boys & Girls Clubs! http://www.facebook.com/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767, Blues Traveler frontman John Popper aims to inspire Boys & Girls Club youth to acheive their dreams. http://www.sunherald.com/2010/11/11/2633086/blues-traveler-visits-boys-girls.html?storylink=addthis, What Boys & Girls Club program helps youth make educated decisions by teaching them how to avoid drugs and alchohol and other risky behaviors? If you know the answer, go to Twitter.com at 3:30 EST today and tweet @BGCA_Clubs with your answer and the correct link from www.bgca.org -- and you could win a $25 Del Monte gif...t certificate! (Must have a Twitter account to play.), President Barack Obama meets with the Boys and Girls Clubs of American 2010 national Youth of the Year, regional finalists, and Denzel Washington in the Oval Office, Sept. 15, 2010. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)This photograph is provided by THE WHITE HOUSE as a courtesy and may be printed by the subject(s) in the photograph for personal use only. The photograph may not be manipulated in any way and may not otherwise be reproduced, disseminated or broadcast, without the written permission of the White House Photo Office. This photograph may not be used in any commercial or political materials, advertisements, emails, products, promotions that in any way suggests approval or endorsement of the President, the First Family, or the White House., Have you taken the pledge to Make Change Count? Show your support for the important role that financial literacy plays in our lives by pledging to get financially fit -- and helping your kids to do the same! http://makechangecount.bgca.org/, John Legend kicked off the 50 Days of Giving campaign today in New York! Make sure to vote for BGCA daily to help us win $150,000, thanks to Western Union. http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/WesternUnion?v=app_109315279126767, What can families, communities and Clubs do about the high school dropout crisis? Teens at the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula wrote a song to share their hopes for the future of education and youth. These kids did an amazing job! What do you think? http://www.vimeo.com/15761211, Make sure to pick up a Parade Magazine this weekend to find out why Denzel Washington has teamed up with Boys & Girls Clubs of America in an effot to keep kids in school. http://tinyurl.com/237x4ar, Watch this exclusive Ne-Yo interview by a Boys & Girls Club teen reporter and find out what Ne-Yo has to say about bullying in schools. http://bit.ly/9eVMXv, Show your support for Boys & Girls Clubs by updating your twitter or facebook profile with a twibbon! Why? Because Xboxis giving away Kinects to all of our Clubs! http://twibbon.com/cause/KinectBoys-amp-Girls-Club/Join, What's your guess?, Did you see our National Youth of the Year winner Mona Dixon during Game Three of the Major League Baseball World Series? Here's the game from her perspective: http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/album.php?aid=34124&id=137499859614702, Want to congratulate our 2010-11 National Youth of the Year winner, Mona Dixon? You can hear her speech and share your congrats here: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YoY.aspx#fb, Teens, parents and Clubs: Want to learn how to change your financial future? Pledge to get financially fit, then use these greatresources to get started: www.makechangecount.com., Check out these fun pumpkin carvings from Boys & Girls Clubs of Yellowstone: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=164940686865248&set=a.164940603531923.41771.155141404511843, Youth at Center for a New Generation-- a unit of Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula -- received the surprise of a lifetime last week when Vice President Joe Biden and Senator Barbara Boxer dropped by to see a federally-funded after-school grant site. When Biden asked whether the kids liked the BGC after-school program, all of the Club members yelled with enthusiasm, “Yes!”, What role does technology play at Boys & Girls Clubs? Watch this PSA to see how technology programs are empowering Club kids to BE GREAT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhin29GO6Qk, We're celebrating the importance of self-esteem in girls this weekend, along with partners Dove and CVS Caremark All Kids Can. What do you do to promote self-esteem in girls? http://www.facebook.com/dove?ref=ts&v=app_127320750626819, Thanks to everyone who voted for us in the JCPenney Care.Share.Win! promotion -- we won! We know we absolutely couldn't have done it without the dedication and support of our fans: Thank you! http://www.facebook.com/jcpenney?v=app_128073657241194, Today we are celebrating Lights On Afterschool -- to highlight the importance of having constructive aftershool programs for America's youth. Did you know that each afternoon, 15 million U.S. children are alone and unsupervised after school? Read the full report http://bit.ly/BAKrM, Watch our latest public service announcement. What do you think? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GS2kPGiPglE, Seeking Heroes for Our Kids > http://bgca.convio.net/site/MessageViewer?em_id=5641.0, “Without the Boys & Girls Club in my life, I never would have been as prepared to face the challenges life has thrown at me. I am ready for college, I am excited about where I am headed and I feel like I have been given the best support and skills from Club staff to make my dreams come true." Brianna Hanson, BGCA's Featured Youth of the Week. Read more: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YouthOfTheWeek.aspx, null, Singer/songwriter Ne-Yo visited the Boys & Girls Clubs of Las Vegas to help promote Cartoon Network's  Stop Bullying: Speak Up campaign. Joined by Stu Snyder, President and COO for Turner Broadcasting Animation, the duo spoke to Club kids about the pressures of bullying and how to make your voice heard., Only three more days to go! Vote for BGCA to win $250k and Boys & Girls Club member Taylor, who’s volunteered countless hours of service in her community, to win a $50k college scholarship. http://www.facebook.com/jcpenney?v=app_128073657241194, The View's Sherri Shepherd asks our dinner guests to text (donations) throughout dinner tonight. Text BEGREAT to 678.665.0203 and your message will show on screen! Perfect if you want to show a little love to a lot of people and support our cause!, Boys & Girls Clubs are dedicated to the idea that Great Futures Start Here. Help us make a difference in young lives by texting BEGREAT to 678.665.0203 with a short message and any donation amount. Thank you for supporting us!, BGCA supporter and tennis star Anna Kournikova poses with Cartoon Network stars. Anna came to our Southeast Chairman's Dinner to announce a new Stop Bullying initiative that Cartoon Network and Boys & Girls Clubs are taking on., null, Did you know that more than 30% of U.S. students don't graduate from high school? Boys & Girls Clubs are committed to reversing this epidemic! Find out more: http://bgca.org/whywecare/Pages/ClubsAndCommunities.aspx, Read about one Boys & Girls Club working hard to instill in young girls confidence and high self-esteem so that they are enabled to make smart, positive decisions. http://www.chieftain.com/news/local/article_b5160c90-d03b-11df-9129-001cc4c03286.html, There are now TWO ways to support Boys & Girls Clubs! 1. Vote daily for BGCA to win $250k! 2. Vote for Boys & Girls Club member Taylor, who’s volunteered countless hours of service in her community, to win a $50k college scholarship. You can vote for both of these great causes here: http://www.facebook.com/jcpenney?v=app_128073657241194, Show your support for Boys & Girls Clubs of America by voting for us daily in the Care.Share.Win! promotion. It's easy -- just click here: http://bit.ly/JCPCarestw., null, “Working at the Club really built up my confidence.  When I first started, I had very low self-esteem and was very quiet around my co-workers and the Club members.  I was happy that the Club let me be there, even when I was just a volunteer.” Amanda Joy, Youth of the Year for the state of New York. Read more about this week's featured youth: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YouthOfTheWeek.aspx, Show your support for Boys & Girls Clubs of America by voting for us daily in the Care.Share.Win! promotion. It's easy -- just click here: http://bit.ly/JCPCarestw. Make sure to tell all your facebook friends, too!, BGCA's five Regional Youth of the Year winners received college scholarships from Taco Bell and met Boys & Girls Club alumnus Mark Wahlberg last night! http://twitpic.com/2upqaa, Watch scenes of BGCA's five Regional Youth of the Year winners as they take on Washington, D.C. to raise money to send care packages to troops, compete for the National title and meet the President of the United States of America., Read Denzel Washington's editorial on the importance of Boys & Girls Clubs: http://www.cnn.com/2010/OPINION/09/30/washington.boys.girls.club/index.html?iref=allsearch, Have you voted today?? Vote for Boys & Girls Clubs of America to win $250k from JCPenney and help us win money to support Clubs in implementing life-changing programs. Vote daily until Oct. 17! http://bit.ly/JCPCarestw, null, Rose Mary has lived through homelessness, parental neglect, foster care and more. Struggling, overwhelmed with stress and wondering if she would ever graduate from high school, Rose decided to turn her life around and joined the Boys & Girls Club. This decision forever changed the direction of Rose Mary's life. Read more about our featured Youth of the Week: http://bgca.org/whoweare/alumni/Pages/YouthOfTheWeek.aspx, Make sure to vote for Boys & Girls Clubs of America in the JCPenney Care. Share. Win! promotion. It's easy to do: just head on over to their fan page to vote -- we could win $250,000! Thanks for your help! http://bit.ly/9Jn0Ia, Make a kid's day by celebrating Day for Kids tomorrow. Locate a nearby event at a Boys & Girls Club -- http://tinyurl.com/39ft36x -- or just Pledge to Play -- http://tinyurl.com/l7bm3r. It is time to celebrate KIDS!!, Find out why Denzel Washington supports Boys & Girls Clubs of America -- watch this moving video clip: http://video.foxnews.com/v/4343073/beyond-the-dream-denzel-washington, Know any service-driven teens (13-18 years) that could use some money for college? Tell them to submit a 250-word essay about their commitment to the community and they could win scholarship money! Winners also get matching donations to the nonprofit of their choice -- maybe even your Boys & Girls Club! Visit JCPenney's fan page to learn more. While you're there, vote for BGCA to win $250,000. http://bit.ly/9Jn0Ia, Go To Bat for BGCA, and we could win $25,000. The State Farm Go To Bat promotion ends this Sunday so make sure to play every day! Select Boys & Girls Clubs of America and aim for the fences! http://www.mlb.com/mlb/sweepstakes/y2010/state_farm/gotobat/, BGCA supports our troops! Our Mission: Youth Outreach partnership supports military youth who do not live near or have access to a military youth center by providing a free membership to their local Boys & Girls Club. Learn more at:
http://www.bgca.org/Documents/MissionYouthOutreach_Brochure_0810.pdf, We just redesigned our flagship website, www.bgca.org. Tell us what you think!, Denzel Washington describes why he's supporting our new initiative to curb the high school dropout rate -- hear what he says, and meet our new YOY, in this video: http://bit.ly/axuOk7, Congratulations to our 2010-11 National Youth of the Year winner, Mona Dixon! You can find out more about Mona by watching this moving video of her speech for the Arizona State Alliance: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RdqBozw6-I&feature=channel, Club members from Boys & Girls Clubs of West Alabama visit the ESPN College GameDay crew in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Thanks to GameDay crew member and BGC fan Desmond Howard, each week teens from local Boys & Girls Clubs will receive a special behind-the-scenes experience of the national broadcast as the show visits college campuses around the country for the week's best football matches., Watch our newest public service announcement -- featuring Club alumnus Mario Lopez! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPVggE3zKak, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, Pledge to play -- and make a kid's day! This year's Day for Kids is Sept. 25: Join Clubs across the country in supporting youth by pledging to spend meaningful time with a young person and participate in fun and healthy activities. Take the pledge today: http://bgca.convio.net/site/PageServer?pagename=DFK_pledge, One in three American mothers struggle with diaper need, and have had to cut back on basic necessities -- such as food, utilities or even childcare -- in order to provide enough diapers for their babies. We've partnered with Huggies to help put an end to this need: www.EveryLittleBottom.com, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, If you’re passionate about our cause, Go To Bat for us! You could win 2010 MLB World Series tickets! Select Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and we both could win big!! http://www.mlb.com/mlb/sweepstakes/y2010/state_farm/gotobat/, One in six Americans are unsure of where they will get their next meal from. BGCA has helped ease the burden for families this summer by providing an estimated 3 million healthy meals and snacks to Club members across the U.S., thanks to a grant from the Walmart Foundation. 

http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ensure-your-kids-are-eating-nutritious-meals---cook-together-according-to-boys--girls-clubs-of-america-survey-101813123.html, "I went from separating drugs to separating scholarship forms for college." Tommy Walls, Midwest Region Youth of the Year http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pC_ZuHWNlD8, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, Oh No! A nationwide study shows that teens don't feel they are getting the support and opportunities they need from adults! Read about it on our teen website myclubmylife.com -- then get tips from teens on how you can be more involved. http://myclubmylife.com/Life_Skills/Pages/Study_Teens_Want_Support.aspx, This week's featured youth survived war in her home country, only to come to America and find herself struggling to adapt to a new culture and customs. It was through her Boys & Girls Club that she felt safe to flourish and learn. Read more about this amazing young lady: http://www.bgca.org/members/youth_of_week.asp, Don't forget to tell your facebook friends to vote for us in the Members Project! Vote here: http://www.takepart.com/membersproject/vote And enter our giveaway here: http://bit.ly/bhcCxT, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, Only 5 (FIVE!) people have participated in our Members Project vote-for-BGCA giveaway! We're giving away free stuff! Help us win $200k, and get something just for voting. Find out more: http://bit.ly/bhcCxT, Want to win a $100 American Express gift card -- and support BGCA, too? Vote for us in the Members Project, send your confirmation email to contest@bgca.org -- and you'll be entered to win! Every person who votes for BGCA and lets us know gets a free BE GREAT pencil! Find out more here: http://bgca.org/partners/MembersProjectGiveaway.asp, What do a girl from New Mexico, a boy from Kansas and a girl from Germany all have in common? These three teens from various Boys & Girls Clubs across the world have all received the opportunity of a lifetime – four-year, full tuition scholarships from Marquette University! http://bgca.org/news/2010_0812_Marquette.asp, One of America’s enduring rock bands, Blues Traveler, is partnering with BGCA to inspire Club members with special Club visits and meet and greets during their concert tour. Check it out: http://www.bgca.org/news/2010_0817_BluesTraveler.asp, Go to lunchnotepromise.com and commit to include inspirational notes in your child's lunch. For every parent who makes the pledge, Kraft Lunchables will donate $1 – up to $100,000 – to creative learning programs at Boys & Girls Clubs. http://kraft.promotions.com/lunchnotespromise2010/front.do, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, Have you voted for Boys & Girls Clubs of America this week? Go to the American Express Members Project to help us win $200,000! You can find us under the Community Development section. http://www.takepart.com/membersproject/vote, This just in! Watch Tony Dungy, former coach of the Indianapolis Colts, LIVE as he speaks to Boys & Girls Clubs of America about the importance of mentoring youth-- and more! Tony goes on air at 11:30 a.m. EST today. Go here to watch what he says: http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop_DUNGYstream.asp, Do you know where your food comes from? These Boys & Girls Club kids do -- they grew their own food in their community garden! Check out this video highlighting our new Positive Sprouts gardening program: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Wg4MqkFuEM, Every Thursday, we are highlighting Boys & Girls Clubs rich history -- with photos from the past! Look for new old photos each Thursday and then join in the fun by sharing your own Club photos!, We want to know!, Looking for a good excuse to go shopping? Starting tomorrow, when you shop at participating JCPenney stores, you can round up your purchase to the next dollar -- and know that you're helping kids! All of the Round Up donations go to local afterschool programs, including Boys & Girls Clubs! http://bgca.org/partners/spotlight.asp, What do kids do when they go to a Boys & Girls Club? Many participate in cool, innovative programs such as our Digital Arts course -- where they learn how to make videos, music and enhanced photos using state-of-the-art technology. Check out this video to see the 2010 Digital Arts winners and more! http://vimeo.com/13768585, Want to know what goes on at a bussiness camp? 40 Boys & Girls Club teens got to experience a business camp first-hand last week in Kentucky -- and learned everything from business-lunch etiquette to developing and executing a business plan. Check out the pictures! http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=4789538&id=238953943651#!/album.php?aid=189351&id=238953943651, Boys & Girls Clubs change lives every day. Read this blog post from an individual who's life was changed when she judged an Ubuntu scholarship competition and met some extraordinary BGC teens. What is Ubuntu? Read to find out! http://www.dirtandnoise.com/2010/07/wake-county-boys-and-girls-club-ubuntu-scholarship.html, Don't forget to vote for BGCA in the American Express Members Project, under the Commmunity Development section. It only takes 30 seconds and we could win $200k. Vote today! http://www.takepart.com/membersproject/vote, Want to know more about our Digital Arts Festival Winners? Visit Microsoft's Unlimited Potential Blog and see one winner's artwork: http://www.microsoftupblog.com/post/Boys-and-Girls-bringing-digital-technology-to-life.aspx, Take our Keeping Kids Fit poll!, First Lady Michelle Obama announced yesterday the 'Let's Move' initiative -- aimed at inspiring kids to live healthy lives. Through programs like Triple Play, R.B.I. and Wanna Play?, Boys & Girls Clubs continue the commitment to keeping kids fit. http://mlb.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20100719&content_id=12406930&vkey=news_mlb&fext=.jsp&c_id=mlb, Watch as Jennifer Lopez -- our newest BE GREAT alumna inductee -- unveils her bilboard in Times Square., Boys & Girls Clubs are a place of strength, pride, fun, motivation, family and hope. Watch our 2010 Southwest Youth of the Year as they share their story of how the Boys & Girls Club changed their lives. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_buZZdKP_8, This week, we're highlighting 14 year-old Boys & Girls Club member Chole C., who, at the urging of her Club, became involved in community service -- and discovered that she loved it! Chole has spent the last year dedicating her free time to serving her Club and the community. Way to go, Chole! Who's making a difference in your community? Let us know!, MLB hits a homerun for Boys & Girls Clubs and members!, There's a golden opportunity for Boys & Girls Clubs at the State Farm Home Run Derby tonight! Tune in to ESPN to see baseball’s best slug it out  -- and raise money for Boys & Girls Clubs with every hit! Find out about all of the All-Star Game festivities here: http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/events/all_star/y2010/index.jsp, Tonight at 7:40 p.m. EST, two Atlanta Boys & Girls Club teens will be interviewed on CNN about their experience at the Taco Bell Graduate to Go College Camp they attended earlier this week. Tune in and check it out!, It's not too late to take BGCA's Poll on LeBron James' choice of teams. [Scroll down and take your best guess!], Don't forget to tune in to ESPN or ESPN Radio tonight at 9 p.m. Eastern Time to hear LeBron's choice of teams. Proceeds from ad sponsorship of the hour-long interview will support basketball courts and programs at select Clubs!, We want to know!, Who will he pick?! Tommorrow night, Boys & Girls Club supporter (and NBA superstar) LeBron James announces which city he will be playing basketball in next season. Whichever team you're rooting for, we're pleased to announce that all ad revenue will be donated to Boys & Girls Clubs of America! http://www.espnmediazone3.com/us/2010/07/the-decision-to-be-presented-live-on-espn-thursday-at-9-p-m-et/, It's not too late! Today is the last day to support BGCA by "liking" Staples . When you do, they'll donate $1 for every new person that likes their page until the end of today. Tell your friends! http://www.facebook.com/staples?v=app_6009294086&ref=ts, Check it out! Pool safety tips from Olympian and Boys & Girls Club supporter Michael Phelps: http://dayforkids.org/its_about_time/summer10/PhelpsSwimTips.html, Not sure how you're celebrating this Fourth of July? Read our article for great tips on spending meaningful time with the kids in your life -- whether you're taking a trip or grilling in the backyard. 
http://dayforkids.org/its_about_time/summer10/4thJuly.html, Staples funds our Torch Club programming -- a group that builds leadership skills in our 11-13 year-old Club members. And this week only, they are also donating $1 to BGCA for every new fan that likes them on Facebook. Ask your friends and family to like them and help support us! 
http://www.facebook.com/staples?v=app_6009294086&ref=mf, As part of our commitment to building a strong sense of citizenship in our young people, we want to highlight 12-year-old Malachy M., of BGCs of Southcentral Alaska, who at the end of summer will have volunteered nearly 250 hours of service to his Club. Way to go, Malachy! Do you know any Club members who are helping out in their Club or community?, Do you love BGCA? Then “like” Staples on Facebook and they’ll donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Already like Staples? Ask your friends and family! It's such an easy way to support us. http://www.facebook.com/staples?v=app_6009294086&ref=ts, Starting today, when you like Staples on Facebook, they’ll donate $1 to BCGA. Help support us by liking them! http://www.facebook.com/staples?ref=ts#!/staples?v=app_6009294086&ref=ts, An oldie but a goodie: Filmed in 1993, the message still rings true today

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U36HcqssWYM, Watch this great clip from NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams about teens at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Palm Beach County "sowing the seeds of hope for those in need." http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3032619/vp/32500185%2332500185#32500185, Throwing a party this summer? If you're at a Party City between now and July 14, don't forget to support BGCA by donating $1., In honor of Father's Day, tell us which man had a positive impact in your life? Was it a mentor at a Club? We want to know!, Father's Day is almost here! Now you can celebrate the lessons your dad (or any great man) taught you in life by creating a personal web page that highlights his special qualities and gives friends and family a way to support kids in need of the same guidance and security your dad gave you. 

This is the perfect gift for the man who already has everything! http://bgca.convio.net/site/PageServer?pagename=personalpages, Are you going to Taco Bell this weekend? There are only a few more days to donate $1 and receive a coupon for a free taco. Oh, and your donation will be supporting great programming to help teens graduate! www.graduatetogo.com, What a crowd!  Jennifer Lopez was truly EXTRAORDINARY today in Times Square as she unveiled her BE GREAT billboard. Take a look: http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop.asp, JLo wows the crowd in Times Square!, BE GREAT in Times Square (NYC):, Jennifer Lopez joins BGCA's BE GREAT campaign right now in Times Square. See what People.com has to say: http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20392849,00.html, BGCA is launching a new BE GREAT billboard in New York today around 11:00. Stay tuned for the details! -- lm, In celebration of Internet Safety Month, we want to know what you do to keep kids safe online?, Give a dollar, get a taco during the "Graduate to Go" initiative at Taco Bell restaurants, now through June 15. Your dollar donation goes to support afterschool programs including local Boys & Girls Clubs. http://www.bgca.org/partners/spotlight.asp, From trouble-maker to first in his family to attend college: Read this success story about a teen who's Boys & Girls Club truly changed his life. http://www.bellinghamherald.com/2010/06/06/1463660/bellingham-high-grad-everything.html, Make a difference in the life of child right now. Text "Start Here" with your pledge of any amount to 347.469.9200 and help support BGCA., June is Internet Safety Month. How do you keeps kids safe online? Use this site for free tools and resources. http://www.sprint.com/4netsafety/, Want to play tennis with Anna Kournikova, see Maxwell live at Madison Square Garden or go to a Lady Gaga show with your best friends? Bid on these and more and support Boys & Girls Clubs of America! http://www.charitybuzz.com/catalog_items?area_id=bgca&keywords=&order=default&per_page=50, Watch this video featuring an innovative Boys & Girls Club program -- youth learn how to build and play their own drums, while also learning about peace, love and unity. It's a good one! http://www.dispatch.com/live/content/multimedia/video/video.html?video=1060940, See how our Helena, Ark., Club gives teens a future: http://tinyurl.com/2emycmv, Ne-Yo Urges Las Vegans to Be A Gentleman
The singer stops by Fox News Las Vegas to talk about his work with Boys & Girls Clubs, his music and his movies!http://www.fox5vegas.com/video/23621967/index.html, BE A GENTLEMAN! Today singer/songwriter Ne-Yo launched his own BE GREAT billboard in Las Vegas, near his hometown Club! Check out the latest addition to our BE GREAT family: http://www.begreatamerica.org/home.asp., Are your teens going to prom? Send them to myclubmylife.com to read these tips (written by a teen reporter) on ways to have a fun -- and safe -- prom. http://myclubmylife.com/Life_Skills/Pages/Prom_Safety_Tips.aspx, Share your story: How has a Boys & Girls Club changed your life?, Research shows that 32% of teens who use the Internet have experienced "harassment" online. Do you know a teen that has been cyberbullied? What did you do? Watch our clip for ways you can help identify and prevent cyberbullying: http://bit.ly/aCivhN, Watch BGCA's own Dan Rauzi as he gives advice to parents and caregivers on how to teach kids how to handle cyberbullying. Tip #1? Provide a safe place for kids to talk to an adult about bullying. 
http://www.11alive.com/video/default.aspx?bctid=83786265001#/News/Number%201%3A%20Cyber%20Bullying/49906865001/50317397001/83786265001, O'Neal visited BGCA staff in honor of celebrating families -- and the importance of mothers. She told the crowd of listeners: "I am proud to be in that elite group of women called mothers.", Lucille O'Neal, mother of NBA star and Club alumnus Shaq O'Neal, autographs a poster of her memoir, "Walk Like You Have Somewhere to Go.", Boys & Girls Clubs of America's new 2010-11 Southwest Region Youth of the Year is...DARRIUS SHAW from Dallas, TX!, Watch tonight for live updates from the BGCA Southwest Chairman's Dinner -- where we are announcing this year's Southwest Youth of the Year., Check out this great recipe for Candy Popcorn! Just one of many delicious recipes submitted by Club families that you'll find in the Family PLUS Cookbook -- free to download! http://www.dayforkids.org/its_about_time/spring10/candypopcornrecipe.html, Have you signed up for the Day for Kids newsletter? Sign up today to receive quarterly information about fun things to do with the young people in your life, upcoming events, wacky holidays, kid-friendly recipes and more! http://bit.ly/97CxIB, Watch this video showcasing a North Georgia Boys & Girls Club and the difference it makes -- both in the lives of young people and in the community. It's long, but worth watching to the end! 
http://vikingfusion.berry.edu/entertainment/the-cause/the-non-profit-video-initiative/boys-and-girls-club-of-northwest-ga/, Today at 4:00 p.m. EST, Tamara Johnson, member of the Pueblo of Pojoaque Boys & Girls Club in Sante Fe -- and our new National Money Matters Ambassador -- will ring the closing bell on the New York Stock Exchange. Share the historic moment with us live on CNBC at 3:59pm EST or via live web stream at http://www.nyse.com/attachment/liveflashbell.htm., Congratulations to our 2010 National Ambassador for Money Matters, Tamara Johnson! Tamara is receiving a college scholarship from Charles SchwabFoundation. Read about Tamara and the Money Matters program here: http://bgca.org/news/2010_0426_MoneyMattersAmbassador.asp, In celebration of Earth Day, H&M stores across the country are hosting "Clothes for Kids" -- benefiting BGCA. Bring your gently worn children's clothes to participating stores and get 20% off your H&M Kids purchase. http://www.examiner.com/x-22792-Union-Square-Style-Examiner~y2010m4d22-HM-Clothes-for-Kids-Drive-for-Boys-and-Girls-Clubs?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=kidsclothes1&utm_term=kids+clothes%2C+childrens+clothes, "Over and over, I have seen a child come to a Club for the first time, very unsure of himself, very closed and unwilling to talk about his fears, hopes and dreams . . . and then watched that same child over the years learn to trust the adults around him, start to open up and believe that he has a shot at really making it, and then see him graduate and go on to real greatness." 
Brad Baumgardner, president and CEO, Boys & Girls Clubs of Tampa Bay
Read the whole interview: http://bit.ly/arpEBr, We almost have 8,000 fans -- think we can hit 8k by the end of today? We will send a BGCA vintage-inspired T-shirt to the 8,000th fan. Tell your friends!, Boys & Girls Clubs of Emerald Valley teens win the National Environmental Service Project Award for "BEE Great -- Pollinate"! Congratulations! Read about their winning project: http://bgca.org/news/2010_0419_BeGreatBeGreen_Winner.asp, What is your best Boys & Girls Club memory?, Do you know an Everyday All-Star? Somone that has gone above and beyond to make a difference in your community? Nominate them to be an Everday All-Star at http://www.mlb.com/peopleallstarsamongus/., Have a twitter account? Looking for an easy way to support BGCA? Simply tweet the following: "#AmericaWants Boys & Girls Clubs of America to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY." Find out more here (http://content.usatoday.com/communities/kindness/post/2010/04/usa-today-launches-america-wants-a-twitter-hashtag-campaign-for-charity/1?loc=interstitialskip) but first -- tweet for us!, Just a few days left to vote for the Staples 2010 National Service Project Awards! By voting, you can help a Boys & Girls Club win $2,500. May not seem like much to you, but it makes a huge difference for our Club members. 
http://bit.ly/allplS, Working Together to Keep Kids Safe, Club teens speak out against bullying: http://myclubmylife.com/In_The_Club/Pages/Stop_the_Bullying_Now.aspx, It's not too late! When you shop at JCPenney today and tomorrow, you can round up your purchase to the nearest dollar -- with the difference donated to afterschool programs like Boys & Girls Clubs!, Have you seen Jennifer Hudson's "Coffee Cup with a Cause"? You can see it at www.cupwithacause.com -- or support us by buying one at a local 7eleven!, Enjoy your next cup of coffee, tea or hot chocolate out of 7-Eleven’s “Coffee Cup with a Cause.” Actress and singer Jennifer Hudson designed a special cup for BGCA, with all proceeds to help support our organization. Check out the video from her launching the cup at Boys & Girls Clubs of Chicago: 
http://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local-beat/Jennifer_Hudson_Meets_With_Chicago_Boys___Girls_Club_Chicago.html, What a great day to take a stroll through our virtual fine arts gallery. All of the pieces were created by talented Boys & Girls Club members from across the globe. Enjoy!
http://bgca.org/programs/finearts/, What do you get when you gather 1,300 Club teens from across the country together for three days? You get: service projects, concerts, growth, leadership and life-changing experiences. Check out this video to see some of the highlights from this year's conference., How did you celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week? Don't forget to share pictures!, "We all have been through trials and tribulations in life, but to come out of it and continue to believe in yourselves: it's phenomenal." Dwyane Wade, speaking to Wisc. BGC Youth of the Year winners. http://www.gomarquette.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/032710aaa.html, Help BGCs of Southeastern Michigan shine by voting for Project Shine in the Body by Milk initiative. Your vote can help them win a reading and learning center. Vote Project Shine!
http://www.bodybymilk.com/vote/, Only two videos left! Can you guess this famous BGC Star?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5-0EOs4vgQ, Here's a shout out for one of our fabulous Clubs:  The Bellingham Business Journal named the Bellingham (Wash.) Boys & Girls Club the 2009 non profit of the year, recognizing outstanding mission deliver and community integration. Congratulations!, It's Guess That Star time! Can you figure out who this famous BGC alumnus is? Happy Boys & Girls Club Week! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFN3yFJ7-QY, What a week! Celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week with our latest alumni video, Guess that Star!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55JAMJ-9YE4, Join BGCA today, Tuesday, March 23, 2:00-3:00 p.m. EST, to understand why bullying occurs and find resources to prevent it. Author and former police officer Michael Dorn will provide solutions for victims of bullying. Don't miss this FREE Webinar! http://www.bgca.org/symposium/michael_dorn.htm, It's that time! Can you guess which famous BGC alumnus is highlighted today?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnH-dW0B90s, It's National Boys & Girls Club Week! How are you celebrating?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbG7BWdLNSw, Day #2 -- Can you tell which famous BGC star is sharing their Club experience in the video? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_Zmj52R8-E, It’s almost here! To kick off National Boys & Girls Club Week, March 21- 27, we invite you to play our Guess that Star game! Watch this video and see if you can figure out which Boys & Girls Club alumnus we are featuring., Every 29 seconds another student drops out of school. These rates not only affect those who don't graduate, but everyone around them. Failure to graduate has devastating social and economic effects on students, families and communities. Join us today at 2:00 pm EST to discuss ways to make good on the promise of public education and prepare every student for success.  https://www2.gotomeeting.com/register/901616867, Now you can make a difference with your XBOX 360! Connect to XBOX Live through a newly purchased game console and get a free token for an exclusive Boys & Girls Club hoodie to dress your personal avatar! For each token redeemed, Xbox will also donate $1 to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Get yours today!
http://www.xbox.com/en-US/community/promotions/boysandgirlsclub/default.htm, The 2010 National Keystone Conference was AMAZING. So many great things happened this weekend in Pittsburgh with so many great teens (and future leaders!). Visit www.facebook.com/KeystoneBGCA and www.myclubmylife.com for more highlights. Thanks to all the advisors, staff and teens who mad this conference a huge success., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvPlGwImnMc, Do you know a teen crime victim? Attend this free Webinar at 2 p.m. EST tomorrow and find out how to help a young person cope with their experience. Don't miss this important Webinar hosted by BGCA and the National Center for Victims of Crime.  https://www2.gotomeeting.com/register/526030346, National Boys & Girls Club Week, March 21 - 27, is almost here!  Visit www.bgca.org to find a Boys & Girls Club near you.

How are you celebrating?, Show your support for kids and communities by voting for Boys & Girls Clubs of America in the Members Project contest! Visit http://www.takepart.com/node/54049/join and vote for BGCA under the Community Development category. Thanks for your support!, In celebration of Boys & Girls Club Week, we asked R&B star and Club alumna to share what Boys & Girls Clubs mean to her.

National Boys & Girls Club Week, March 21-27, is the perfect time to visit your local Boys & Girls Club and discover its impact in the community. From educational initiatives to sports and fitness programs, Boys & Girls Clubs are helping young people reach their full potential. This year, Be a Part of Something GREAT! Support Boys & Girls Clubs., Want instant BGCA news, updates, resources and tips in 140 characters or less? Follow us on Twitter today!  twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs, Please take time to read this moving article by a Boys & Girls Club alumna who reminds everyone to continue investing in the future: our children. It is such a great reflection of how the Club changed her life, and how it continues to change lives today. 

http://www.vcstar.com/news/2010/mar/02/boys-girls-clubs-change-young-lives/, Two FREE Webinars! Today at 2 p.m. EST: "Our Kids...Supersized!"
Thursday at 2 p.m. EST: "Top 5 Parenting Problems & Their Solutions"
Register now to secure your spot. 
http://www.bgca.org/symposium/schedule.htm, Go behind the scenes at NBC's premier of "The Parenthood Project" with BGCA's own MyClubMyLife teen reporter! Hear what director Ron Howard has to say about his inspiration for the show, and find out from other NBC stars what Boys & Girls Clubs mean to them., Did you know that 31.9% of American youth are considered obese or overweight? Register for our free Webinar next Tuesday at 2 p.m. EST, to find out what you can do to inspire healthy lifestyle choices in the lives of youth. 
Together, we can fight these alarming statistics.
http://www.bgca.org/symposium/, Last chance! Take this quick survey and $5 will be donated to BGCA. Be the 200th respondent (only a few more needed!) and we will send you a vintage-inspired Boys & Girls Club t-shirt!
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/HKKTXNY, "Our Kids... Supersized!" Attend this FREE Webinar on March 2, hosted by BGCA and Dr. Richard Visser, to find out what you can do to promote healthy habits to the kids in your life! 
Register today to secure a spot! http://bgca.org/symposium/, Next month, BGCA will host a FREE online conference with experts discussing issues such as violence among youth, financial challenges, parenting and communications skills and education. Don't miss it! Visit www.bgca.org to register., Vote for Project Shine
Here's a shout out to BGCs of Southeastern Michigan, which is competing in the NBA Cares and Body By Milk contest. VOTE for Project Shine -- look for Olympian Shawn Johnson -- and help kids in Detroit get an educational center! http://www.bodybymilk.com/vote/, It's not too late! You can still support us by sending a virtual Coke to all of your friends. For each Coke you send, The Coca-Cola Company will donate $1 to BGCA. It couldn't be easier!
http://www.facebook.com/cocacola?v=app_279422661816#/cocacola?v=app_279422661816&__a=1&_fb_iframe_path=%2Fcoca-cola, Want to win a vintage-inspired Boys & Girls Club T-shirt? Take this quick survey -- the 200th respondent gets a tee! AND for each survey taken, BGCA gets $5. http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/HKKTXNY, Share a virtual Coke with your friends and you help BGCA. Plus, you get to view Coke's Super Bowl ad featuring the Simpsons! http://bit.ly/coke_bgc, Parenthood is first words, first steps, first dates and so much more. What does parenthood mean to you? NBC wants to know. Submit your "parenthood-ism" and NBC will donate $20 to BGCA. Visit www.parenthoodproject.com, Enjoy a classic video (1993) The Coca-Cola Company created to highlight their long-standing parntership with Boys & Girls Clubs. Then, don't forget to send a virtual Coke to all of your friends in support of BGCA! http://bit.ly/coke_bgc

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mVndn4oPQw, Boys & Girls Clubs build caring world citizens. Check out what the kids at BGCs of Garden Grove did to support the victims of Haiti's recent earthquake:
http://www.facebook.com/bgca.clubs#!/album.php?aid=144046&id=61146483863, “When you a see a kid that is used to being depressed all the time smile because he’s having fun – that’s what this organization is all about.” Jon Cardoza, Operations Director, describing the impact Boys & Girls Club has on youth. 
http://www.mantecabulletin.com/news/article/11093/, We need your help! Raise money for BGCA each time you send a virtual Coke on Facebook. We aren't even half-way towards our goal! Have you sent a Coke to your friends yet? http://bit.ly/coke_bgc, Have you shared happiness today? For each virtual Coke you give, $1 will be donated to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Bonus: When you give a gift, you get a sneak peek preview of Coke's newest commercial!
http://www.facebook.com/cocacola?v=app_279422661816#/cocacola?v=app_279422661816&__a=1&_fb_iframe_path=%2Fcoca-cola, Share Happiness, help kids and get a sneak peek of a new Coca-Cola commercial for the big game. For each gift you send, Coca-Cola will donate $1 to The Boys & Girls Clubs of America! 
Give a gift to all your friends and help support our Cause!
http://www.facebook.com/cocacola?v=app_279422661816#/cocacola?v=app_279422661816&__a=1&_fb_iframe_path=%2Fcoca-cola, Boys & Girls Club teens are supporting relief efforts in Haiti. What are you doing to help?  http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop.asp, Thanks to programs like SMART Girls, Boys & Girls Clubs instill self-esteem in youth, helping them to become caring, productive and responsible citizens.  
http://www.orlandosentinel.com/news/local/lake/os-lk-girl-power-conference-20100121,0,5947778.story, Want to earn thousands of dollars in tax credits this year? Take this FREE Webinar on Jan. 26, hosted by BGCA and The National Women’s Law Center: TAX Credits: What Families Need to Know! Sign up today! https://www2.gotomeeting.com/register/539139467, Get fit with tips from Mario Lopez, BGCA's National Fitness Ambassador. Check it out:
http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop-mariofit4-0110.asp, According to a recent report, more than 21,000 people in the metro Atlanta area were homeless in 2009. 

In an effort to address this issue and reach beyond our walls, Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s national staff members volunteered on Jan. 15 at My Sister’s House, a women and children’s shelter and subsidiary of the Atlanta Union Mission.

, On Jan. 18, Boys & Girls Club youth across the country will pledge to take a day on – not a day off – in honor of the Martin Luther King Day of Service. Are you pledging your MLK holiday to making a difference? How?, When a gang graffitis a Boys & Girls Club on Christmas day, Club kids and the community work together to correct the vandalism. Read this story about one Club who turns a negative act into a truly positive one! 
http://www.noozhawk.com/nonprofits/article/122909_graffiti_grinches_vandalize_westside_boys_girls_club, Get free MLK Day of Service posters -- including Be Great In Your Community -- here: http://www.nationalservicepubs.org/content/ItemDetails.asp?strItem=CNA185&FormName=ItemDetails&intCounter=5, Have a Twitter account? Vote for BGCA to win a nonprofit Shorty Award by pasting the following in your Twitter feed: "I nominate @BGCA_Clubs for a Shorty Award in #nonprofit because they change kids’ lives every day." Thanks to all of our Facebook fans for your continued support!, January is National Mentoring Month. Are you making an impact in a young person's life? Find inspiration in this story about a Boys & Girls Club staff member who makes a difference every day:
http://www.ofe.org/news/2009-01-03c.htm, Watch this amazing music video made by Club members, using the Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula's recording studio and equipment. Great job!
http://vimeo.com/7832709, Shaq-A-Claus (Shaquille O'Neal) brought joy and toys to members of the Challengers Boys & Girls Club in L.A. The Boys & Girls Club alumnus-- and NBA superstar-- took time on Christmas Eve to hang out with the Club kids. 
http://www.cleveland.com/cavs/index.ssf/2009/12/shaq-a-claus_makes_tough_times.html, On Dec. 21, President Obama made a surprise stop at Boys & Girls Clubs of Washington (D.C.). He read to Club members, then took a moment to share cookies and laughs with the youth. http://www.upi.com/enl-win/0dd45c39d6cddb161be8d99676aa8376/, Use our FREE holiday e-card to send holiday cheer to all your friends and family -- and show your support for Boys & Girls Clubs! Go to our fan page and click on the left-hand banner to get started, or use this link: http://bgca.org/Holiday/ecard_08/cards.html, Mario Lopez -- Extra host and former Boys & Girls Club member -- explains just how easy it is to support Clubs. Check it out!, Watch this great feature on BGCA's National Youth of the Year, Carolina Correa.
http://www.necn.com/Boston/New-England/2009/12/16/Assumption-College-freshman/1261012969.html, Watch and win! You may be selected to win a $10 AJWright gift card when you watch "The Gift of Happy". We will select a winner TODAY! Just answer this question on our wall:
What is the first toy that the main character talks to?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er2kqItYzEs, Comment on the Project Wrap Up Happy video and you could win a $10 AJWright gift card!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er2kqItYzEs, Want to win a $10 gift card to AJWright stores? Watch this video, created by Boys & Girls Club members, and leave a comment on our Facebook page letting us know what you think of the story. We will randomly select a comment to win the gift card! Visit our Discussions section for complete rules. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er2kqItYzEs, America's children are facing an epidemic: nearly 32% of youth today are considered overweight. Watch this clip from BGCA's Sept. 2009 advocacy event designed to increase awarenes of this tragic statistic.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ITsuCm1mA8, We want to know: What do Boys & Girls Clubs mean to you?, Have you regifted a fruitcake today in support of Boys & Girls Clubs? Help us get the word out by making and regifting your own BGCA fruitcake! http://bit.ly/5V1YF4, Check out our latest family-friendly movie teasers from DayforKids.org:
http://dayforkids.org/its_about_time/fall09/A_Look_at_2009_Holiday_Movies.html, Congratulations to Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula -- the final winner of the "7 Ways to Change the World" contest. Their video is sweet and inspiring -- it captures perfectly the essence of the strong leaders that Boys & Girls Clubs create.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_fhNhXwfbE&feature=player_embedded, A fruitcake is part of a healthy, balanced diet. Ok, not really. But a fruitcake can still make a difference in the lives of Boys & Girls Club members, thanks to Regift the Fruitcake. Want to help? http://bit.ly/5V1YF4, Make a fruitcake (yes, a fruitcake) in support of Boys & Girls Clubs of America. By making and regifting your BGCA fruitcake, you are helping to spread awareness for our cause! Hop on it and start giving the gift no one wants -- http://bit.ly/5V1YF4, Watch this adorable video -- created by Boys & Girls Club members from Columbus, Ohio -- and $1 will be donated to BGCA for every view! Help us give the gift of happy this holiday season. http://www.wrapuphappy.com/, This week is National Family Week! Make sure to create lasting memories with your family. Visit http://familyplus.bgca.org for great family resources. 

What are you doing to celebrate National Family Week?, BGCA hosted its 2nd annual National Family PLUS Cook-off on Nov. 17. 

This event concluded regional cook-offs that were held at Family PLUS sites earlier in the year. At the event, which was hosted by Chef Richard Chamberlain, four teams fought the heat in an exciting kitchen cook-off.

The four families who competed for the national title were:
1.       Madison Family from Boys & Girls Clubs of South Alabama
2.       Smith Family from Boys & Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee
3.       Alvarado Family from Boys & Girls Clubs of Benton County
4.       Rodriguez Family from Navy MWR Mid Atlantic Boys & Girls Clubs
, Share the Love! From now until Jan. 4, when you buy a Subaru, $250 will be donated to Boys & Girls Clubs of America when you select us as your charity of choice. 

Not buying a car this year? You can still show your support for all the good that Clubs do by sharing your own story on the Share the Love wall: https://www.subaru.com/my-subaru/share.html., Congratulations to Boys & Girls Clubs of South Puget Sound, winners of Microsoft's 7 Ways to Change the World! They won $7,000 and a new PC. Check out their winning video:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFA62oDN2Y8&feature=player_embedded, The stars of Ben 10: Alien Swarm (Ryan Kelley, Galadriel Stineman and Nathan Keyes) greeted kids fans from Burbank Boys & Girls Club (California) at the film’s U.S. premiere event on the Warner Bros. Studio lot. You can watch the world television premiere of Ben 10: Alien Swarm on Wednesday, Nov. 25, at 7 p.m. (ET/PT) on Cartoon Network, but Boys & Girls Club members across the country got a sneak-peek of the film this week!, Did you know that nearly 32% of American youth are considered obese or overweight? Boys & Girls Clubs of Middle Tennessee is combating this alarming figure: The Veggie Project teaches youth -- some who have never tasted even the most common vegetables -- how to make healthy eating decisions. 

Listen to this radio report and get ready to start a garden at your local Club! http://wpln.org/?p=12662, Club Members Honor Vets -- Powerful Images 62 Club members and staff from the South Queens Boys & Girls Club learned a meaningful lesson this Veteran’s Day. With volunteers from Major League Baseball, BGC youth planted American flags on each of the 15,000 gravesites at Cypress Hill National Cemetery in Brooklyn, NY.  http://www.mlb.com/mlb/photogallery/standalone/year_2009/month_11/day_11/cf7654852.html, Check it out: Dwayne Wade, Marquette University and BGCA are helping Youth of the Year winners go to college! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6yNpaX9Foo, null, David Ragan, UPS's #6 driver for NASCAR, unveiled his new race car -- sporting the Boys & Girls Club logo! 

The car was debuted at the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Dallas and features hand prints from teens at the Club who participated in the Road Code Safe Driving program. 

www.bgca.org/roadcode, Want to help girls develop positive self-esteem? Go to dove.com and $1 will be donated to BGCA’s self-esteem program for girls. Or, visit Dove’s Self Esteem Fund page for parent guides and kid-friendly tools to help build positive self-image in girls everywhere. http://www.facebook.com/search/?q=dove+self+esteem+fund&init=quick#/DoveSelfEsteemFund?v=app_7146470109&ref=search, Today is the last day of our Tweet for Tees contest. BGCA is giving away 5 T-shirts -- just share what greatness means to you. Tweet your BE ___ to twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs and you could win!, BGCA's regional Youth of the Year winners met with President Obama this month! These amazing young people are proof that Boys & Girls Clubs have a real impact on young lives! Check out pictures from the event: http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop_YOY_WhiteHouse_102309.asp, The Tweet for Tees contest is in full swing! Are you tweeting your BE ___? Today we are giving away five T-shirts! Go to www.bgca.org/twitter or tweet us at www.twitter.org/BGCA_Clubs., Want a T-shirt like the one Mario Lopez has on in this picture? Enter the Tweet for Tees contest by sharing what greatness means to you and you could win. Just tweet @BGCA_Clubs with your BE and enter to win one of three T-shirts we are giving away today!, Are you Tweeting for Tees? BGCA is giving away 3 T-shirts a day for two weeks on Twitter. All you have to do is tweet us @BGCA_Clubs with your BE statement. Go to www.bgca.org/twitter for rules., As a special thanks for being BGCA fans, we are giving you exclusive early access to our Tweet for Tees contest on Twitter. We are giving away 3 T-shirts a day -- and all you have to do is tweet us @BGCA_Clubs with your BE GREAT message for kids. For more info and rules, go to http://bgca.org/twitter/, Check it out: Carolina Correa, BGCA's National Youth of the Year, is featured on CNN.com's Young People Who Rock! You can watch her live interview tomorrow at 3:30 p.m. EST. http://ypwr.blogs.cnn.com/2009/10/12/carolina-correa/, Thanks to everyone who is helping to spread the word about all that Boys & Girls Clubs do for youth! Zaviaus S. was our 5,000th fan. Be on the look-out because there are more exciting contests to come!, Encourage your friends: the 5,000th BGCA Facebook Fan wins a free Triple Play T-shirt! http://www.bgca.org/programs/sportfitness.asp, Hey Facebook Fans -- thanks for supporting our cause! We are close to 5,000 fans -- help spread the word about all the good that Clubs do by asking your friends to become a fan, too!, Honoring UGA's Damon Evans and baseball legend Hank Aaron at the 2009 Southeast Chairman's Dinner., Eat Well, Spend Less, Save Time: Get tips for preparing healthy family meals on a tight budget and a busy schedule at http://familyplus.bgca.org/YourFamily/LifeSkills/Pages/EatWellSpendLess.aspx http://familyplus.bgca.org/YourFamily/LifeSkills/Pages/EatWellSpendLess.aspx, Know kids that are looking for a college? Send them to the Tom Joyner Virtual College Fair! This Web site features colleges and universities from around the country. Teens can ask questions from advisors and find out what take it takes to get accepted. http://shows.fusionexperience.com/tomjoynercollegefair http://shows.fusionexperience.com/tomjoynercollegefair, Youth from Boys & Girls Club of Columbia, Missouri, learned step moves -- and the importance of education this weekend from several fraternities and sororities participating in the Sprite Step Off Service Challenge. Read about it here: http://www.columbiamissourian.com/stories/2009/10/03/steppers-bring-passion-performance-and-philanthropy/, Have you gotten your Boys & Girls Club badge yet? Put one on your profile and show your support today! http://apps.facebook.com/begreat/?_fb_fromhash=9c171c07afb329a7332ad7e09dc0bdb1, What does BE GREAT mean to you? Check out this cute article about one Boys & Girls Club's BE GREAT ad campaign: http://www.islandpacket.com/lowcountrylife/story/979607.html, BGCA was just selected as the official charity of the Peanuts comic strips and they are launching a Photo Look-A-Like Contest to celebrate! If you have a little peanut in your life, go to www.peanutsphotocontest.com to submit a photo. Your family could even win a vacation!, Boys & Girls Clubs of America Want to watch a classic? Here is Denzel Washington remembering his Boys & Girls Club mentor, Billy Thomas: http://www.youtube.com/user/bgcastaff#play/uploads/26/U36HcqssWYM, Announcing this year's National Youth of the Year winner -- Carolina Correa! Read about her here: www.bgca.org/YOY/2009-10winner.asp, Get Ready: BGCA announces the 2009-2010 National Youth of the Year tomorrow! You can read about the finalists here:  http://www.bgca.org/news/2009-0909-YOY5.asp, Follow BGCA_Clubs on twitter.com for live, up-to-the-minute news from BGCA's Youth of the Year competition. BGCA's correspondents Brian (BH) and Renee (RO) are tweeting from all of the YOY events!, Tomorrow is Boys & Girls Clubs Day for Kids! What are you doing to spend meaningful time with a youth?, Boys & Girls Clubs' Youth of the Year program recognizes teens for outstanding contributions to a member’s family, school, community and Boys & Girls Club, as well as for overcoming challenges and obstacles. These amazing young people are a great example of Boys & Girls Clubs what do. Read about this year's regional YOYs: http://www.bgca.org/news/2009-0909-YOY5.asp, Want to keep kids interested in school once the "new factor" has worn off? Read these tips from dayforkids.org -- and sign up for the newsletter for more helpful tips and ideas for you and the youth in your life. http://dayforkids.org/its_about_time/fall09/Keeping_Kids_Interested_in_School.html, Celebrate Day for Kids every day by spending time with youth. Give these DFK facebook gifts to your friends to let them know about the important effect that meaningful time can have on a young person.
http://apps.facebook.com/celebrate-da-xxfeea/?link=dashboard, Day for Kids is only 10 days away!! What are you doing to celebrate?, Ashanti and Mario Lopez -- at it again! The two BGC alums were out last Friday promoting BGCA's Million Meals Initiative, helping Clubs provide food for youth who may not be getting a nutritious meal during long summer days. These Club supporters rock! http://soulfulbeauty.com/new.php?n=347, Day for Kids is just around the corner -- make sure you have plans to spend meaningful time with youth in your life on Sept. 12 and every day! Take the Day for Kids pledge and encourage your friends and family to do the same. http://bgca.convio.net/site/PageServer?pagename=DFK_pledge&autologin=true, Jimmy Rollins joined BGCA's BE GREAT campaign on Aug. 20, unveiling his own billboard showing that Boys & Girls Clubs helped him BE A CHAMPION. , Jimmy Rollins, Phillies shortstop, joined our BE GREAT campaign today! He unveiled his billboard, BE A CHAMPION, and spoke to Boys & Girls Club kids about the important rols that Clubs can play in helping them succeed., R&B singer and Boys & Girls Club alumna Ashanti is the next celebrity to join the BE GREAT campaign.

She unveiled her BE AMAZING billboard in Times Square, sharing with the world the important role her Club played in her development. , Check out how this South Dakota Boys & Girls Club is teaching kids to BE GREAT: http://www.capjournal.com/articles/2009/08/07/people/community/doc4a7ae01edb9f6331067558.txt, Boys & Girls Clubs offer teens real-life career experience -- helping to better prepare them for leadership roles in the future. See what Maryland Boys & Girls Club teens are doing: http://www.daggerpress.com/2009/08/03/buffalo-wild-wings-gives-boys-girls-club-teens-a-look-at-life-behind-the-scenes/, Our Fitness Ambassador -- Mario Lopez -- has a great tip for you! Use it to inspire yourself and the kids in your life to stay in shape! http://www.bgca.org/news/scoop-mariolopez0609.asp, Are you showing your support? Put a Boys & Girls Club badge on your facebook profile today and show everyone what the Club means to you!

http://apps.facebook.com/begreat/, General Wesley Clark joined the BE GREAT campaign on July 21, unveiling his own customized billboard: BE BRAVE. Visit www.BeGreatAmerica.org to find out more!, Support BGCA by shopping at Staples. BE SURE TO USE THIS CODE ON YOUR ORDER – 42141. From July 22 to July 29, you'll receive $20 off your phone or online order of $100 or more. Plus, Staples will donate 5% of your total order amount to the charity you select. Exp: 7/29/09. Visit http://bgca.convio.net/site/PageNavigator/staples_0709., Are you following BGCA on Twitter? Get real-time information and stay up-to-date by following us at www.twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs., Did you see our Club kids on Good Morning America this week? Watch it here: http://abcnews.go.com/video/playerIndex?id=8087415, Did you know that the leading cause of teen deaths in the U.S. is automobile accidents? NASCAR driver David Ragan showed up at Logan Square BGC to annouce BGCA's new program Road Code -- a program aimed at building smart, safe drivers. Check it out: http://www.motorsport.com/news/article.asp?ID=335734&FS=NASCAR-CUP, Are you a Boys & Girls Club alumnus or supporter? Show off your pride in the work we do to change young lives: download our BGC membership card to display on your profile page and share with friends! http://apps.facebook.com/begreat/, Day for Kids is all about spending meaningful time with the young people in your life. If you are looking for great tips and ideas for fun ways to spend memorable time with a youth, sign up for the Day for Kids newsletter at www.dayforkids.org., Boys & Girls Clubs of America Want to Do Something Good? Get involved with Do Something 101 -- you can help buy donating back-to-school supplies for kids in need or just spread the word. Go to DoSomething.org to find out more., Today is the last day to vote for BGCA's All-Star, Glenn Permuy. Please help show him how much he means to the Boys & Girls Club Movement. Vote at www.peopleallstars.com - click on the Tampa Rays icon., Schools often provide an important -- and sometimes the ONLY -- meal for a child. This summer, many kids are going hungry. But you can help. Visit www.bgca.org/millionmealsummer to find out how., Watch this video highlighting Mario Lopez's addition to the BE GREAT campaign. He unveiled his own billboard (BE A STAR) and also kicked off the Spanish version of BGCA's new campaign. Thanks, Mario!, Have you voted for BGCA's favorite Everyday All-Star? You can vote as many times as you like! Vote our own Glenn Permuy at www.peopleallstars.com -- click on the Tampa Rays icon., Do you love Denzel Washington? Bid on a laptop signed by him -- and featured in his latest movie "The Taking of Pelham 123" -- on Charityfolks.com. http://www.charityfolks.com/cfauctions/auction_bid.asp?AuctionID=16562&catname=Travel,+Food+&+Home&mcid=18206, BGCA's Senior Vice President Glenn Permuy was recently recognized with the Thomas G. Garth Character & Courage Award, the highest honor awarded to a Club professional. 

Glenn's commitment to kids and Clubs has earned him a spot on People Magazine's top Everday All-Stars lineup. 

Watch this video of Glenn accepting the Character and Courage Award and see why he is BGCA's favorite All-Star. 

Vote for him at www.peopleallstars.com., Don't forget to vote for Boys & Girls Clubs' Glenn Permuy -- our own Everyday All-Star! You can vote as often as you want (find him under the Tampa Rays icon). http://www.peopleallstars.com, An Everyday All-Star: BGCA's Glenn Permuy -- Read his story and vote for him today!, Read this article about four teens who, after seeing a need in their community, created a teen center -- focused on fun and service -- through their Boys & Girls Club.  , Hip-hop star and Club alumnus, Usher, speaks about the important role Boys & Girls Clubs played in his life -- and his continued commitment to helping kids BE GREAT., This is a great article from a BGC staff member, written after she realized that many in her community didn't even realize they had a Boys & Girls Club., If you are planning on going to a concert this summer, use Tickets-for-Charity to make the purchase!, null, null, Usher talks with CNN about his Club experience and "paying it forward." Man this guy is GREAT! Watch a moving clip here: http://bgca.org/news/scoop-usher-cnn051609.asp, Too often in the media you may hear negative portrayals of teens,such as high teen pregnancy rates, teen drinking and drug use, teen violence, and more. 
The BGC Keystone program is changing those perceptions. The Keystone program offers opportunities for teens to be active in their Clubs, communities and global community.

Working together for a greater good, Keystone and Boys & Girls Clubs are building future leaders today., BGCA is unveiling another BE GREAT alum billboard. Find out who the latest STAR is tomorrow!, Boys & Girls Clubs of Virginia Peninsula got a great surprise when baseball legend Cal Ripken Jr stopped in to tour a Club, play quickball with the kids and participate in a fundraiser on April 23. Check out the pics: http://tinyurl.com/qkotne, LM:  BGCA's Annual National Conference Rocks! On Thursday, May 14, Bill Cosby urged some 2000 attendees to "show kids they can do it!" The famed actor and activist asks us all to help motivate kids to achieve. Stay tuned! We'll post photos and more soon., Here's a shout out to Boys & Girls Clubs of Toccoa-Stephens County, Georgia, for being named Non-Profit of the Year by their community!, Only two days until BGCA's National Conference. This is where Club professionals from around the globe come together to share, learn and grow -- all so that Clubs can have a greater impact on youth everywhere!, Check out Good Morning America tomorrow (Thursday, May 8)!  BGCs of the Gulf Coast in Biloxi will be featured as they hold a grand opening for a Club which was destroyed by Katrina in 2005., Congratulations Madison Family! They just won BGCA's Family PLUS cookoff for the Southeast. (Regional competitions now -- national soon.) Check it out!, Boys & Girls Clubs offer programs -- like SMART girls -- to help members make educated decisions. Today is National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. Make sure to talk to the young people in your life about making smart decisions. Visit http://www.thenationalcampaign.org/resources/default.aspx to learn more., has finally posted pictures from the 2009 National Keystone Conference. Do you have some, too? Make sure to share them on our fan page under the photos section!, null, null, Boys & Girls Clubs of America Follow BGCA_Clubs on twitter to find out which famous Boys & Girls Club alum is going to be the announced as the newest face of the BE GREAT campaign later today.
http://twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs, Do you tweet? BGCA is now on twitter -- make sure to follow us at BGCA_Clubs for the latest updates. http://twitter.com/BGCA_Clubs, In support of a one-day fundraiser for Keystone Club members, BGCA leaders went to Taco Bell to encourage everyone to participate in the fundraiser. , The Longboard America team is now in Abilene, Texas. They have survived tornados, rattle snakes and knee-scrapes in an effort to raise awareness for Boys & Girls Clubs!! Check out their progress on the map: http://www.longboardingamerica.com/MAP.html, Have you joined the world's largest yearbook? When you join the world's largest yearbook or eat at Taco Bell this Thursday, you are helping to support our Keystone teens! Join the book: http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=87670521653 or find o, A BGC Torch Club full of young entrepreneurs creates laundery detergent to sell for only 38 cents. , BGCA surveyed some 1,000 teens to find out what teens care about. They are concerned about the cost of college and what more career training. Check it out: http://www.begreatamerica.org/documents/Teen_Survey_Highlights_4-2-09.doc (This is a Word doc.), Did you know that 1 million teens drop out of high school each year? Join Taco Bell Foundation's World's Largest Yearbook to help raise awareness for this staggering statistic. Join the Yearbook: http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=87670521653, Check out what teens from across the country (and overseas!) were up to at this year's Keystone Conference:  http://www.myclubmylife.com/Extracurricular/Keystone/Conference_09/Pages/Photos_and_Video_from_the_Conference_Floor.aspx, Ben Warner, Ryan Donahue and Jerry Craker are longboarding across America for a cause. They want to show the U.S. how important Boys & Girls Clubs are in the community they serve. Check out their site and find out which Clubs they are visiting on their tr, Former U.S. Secretary of State Dr. Condoleezza Rice Meets With Boys & Girls Clubs of America Leadership to Discuss the Launch of a New Education Initiative, Watch this video created by two MyClubMyLife.com reporters who ask real teens how they feel about high school, education and the kinds of obstacles they are facing today., welcomes Former Secretary of State, Dr. Condoleezza Rice to BGCA's national headquarters to discuss a possible new education initiative with BGCA leaders!, Did you know that every 26 seconds, another student drops out of high school? Boys & Girls Clubs everywhere are playing an important role in trying to change this alarming statistic., Judge Glenda Hatchett inspired Keystone teens last Friday in Atlanta. Watch a clip here: http://www.ireport.com/docs/DOC-239372?ref=email and get ready to feel moved!, What are you doing at 3 pm EST? Watch Winnie Phan (Boys & Girls Clubs of San Francisco) interview LIVE on cnn.com as part of CNN's Young People Who Rock!  http://ypwr.blogs.cnn.com/, Day 2 of BGCA's Keystone Conference for teen leaders: last night's kick-off included performances by Bow Wow, Ken Ford and '09 Youth of the Year Shonnetta Henry!, welcomes Keystone teens to Atlanta!! Don't know what Keystoning is? Find out here: http://www.bgca.org/programs/leadership.asp, Looking for a new dress? Bid on this one shown at the Miami-Dade Boys & Girls Club. Proceeds benefit us! http://cgi.ebay.com/One-of-a-kind-dress-made-from-Capri-Sun-drink-pouches_W0QQitemZ170315048375QQcmdZViewItemQQptZDecorative_Collectibles?hash=item170, Congratulations to the DOG Torch Club from the Edgewater BGC (Fla.) for being named the BE GREAT: Be Green National Winner!, BGCA and Taco Bell Host a teen town hall to get the teen perspective on the current high school drop out crisis. , Happy National Boys & Girls Club Week! What are you doing to celebrate?, Count down to National Boys & Girls Club Week! Remember to take pictures of events and post them on the BGCA Fan Page!, Give free gifts and spread awareness! http://apps.facebook.com/knuckles-cjahgj/&link=dashboard, wants to know: what is your Club doing to celebrate National BGC Week?, is gearing up for National Boys & Girls Club Week -- only one week away!, Save 30% at GAP, BR and Old Navy -- and support BGCA! Get your coupon today! http://bgca.convio.net/site/PageServer?pagename=gap_0309&autologin=true, Shaquille O'Neal, pictured here as a child, was featured in the Feb. 23, 2009, edition of "Sports Illustrated," as one part of the BE GREAT campaign., If you are or know a teen, ask them to take this survey. The questions focus on education, politics and the future. 

The results will be used as part of BGCA's April 2 advocacy event, AMERICA’S SILENT EPIDEMIC: THE HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUT RATE 

Ask the teens you know to participate in this survey today! 
http://www.surveymonkey.com/s.aspx?sm=362Tr1Xrhpr183uFJrvqyA_3d_3d, Young BGC members pledge peace during Peace Week. This is a moving article describing a Club as a safe haven from the crime and violence in one community. , This moving video features Bill Cosby, a Boys & Girls Club alumnus, as he describes the ways his Club impacted is life., BE GREAT kicks off campaign with a billboard in Times Square, NYC!, Five Club youth from Greenwich made the trip to this year's presidential inauguration. Read about their trip of a lifetime:
http://www.greenwichcitizen.com/topstories/ci_11528184, Love this article from BGC of the Peninsula -- read it to hear what three of their kids say about the inauguration and what it means to them. (Click under "Posted Items".)  It is neat to hear a kid's point of view about this historic occasion., This video depicts the all spaces within a Boys & Girls Club that ultimately molds a child into greatness. Featuring the voices of famous Club alumni including Bill Cosby, Bill Clinton, Denzel Washington, Queen Latifah and Joe DiMaggio., This is the second video in a series of logs contributed by employees at Boys & Girls Clubs of America. We asked employees "Why do you work for BGCA and what does your work mean to you?" 

See what they had to say., What Do Boys & Girls Clubs Mean to You?, This is the first in a series of video logs contributed from employees at Boys & Girls Clubs of America. We asked employees "Why do you work for BGCA and what does your work mean to you?" 

See what they had to say., Internet Safety Tips for Parents, Want a free cookbook? Visit http://familyplus.bgca.org to download a copy! All recipies are created by Boys & Girls Club members, families and staff! , Watch five families compete for top chef in BGCA's Family PLUS cook-off. Hosted by Chef Marvin Woods., Another tear-jerker -- this article will make you cry! 

http://www.theledger.com/article/20081207/NEWS/812070348?Title=Boys___Girls_Clubs_Official_Confounds_Perceptions

Read about BGCA's first female Youth of the Year -- and all the ways she is giving back to her community and Clubs. , Members of the BGC of Hall County (GA) are thankful that the Club is in their lives: 
http://www.gainesvilletimes.com/news/article/11689/
A great article! , <b>Buying a New Car? Share the Love.</b>

New car buyers can help Boys & Girls Clubs of America receive a $250 donation from Subaru. This holiday season, during the Subaru Share the Love event for every new Subaru sold or leased, $250 is donated to the consumer’s choice of five charities – one of which is BGCA.  Consumers can choose BGCA and help us reach a great end donation from Subaru!

The event runs from Nov. 24, 2008, through Jan. 2, 2009. To learn more about Subaru or the Share the Love Event, visit your local Subaru dealer or visit http://www.subaru.com/share. , Only 4 days left to win the BGCA Cause contest! 

Recruit the most members, raise the most money or donate the most money and you could win a coveted BE GREAT T-shirt! 

There is still more time! Help spread awareness of our cause and invite your friends to join! 
, Can you recruit the most people to our Cause?

The BGCA Fan page is hosting a contest - and there are 3 ways to win! 
Step 1. Support the Boys & Girls Club cause (www.causes.com/bgca)
Step 2. Invite your friends to join, too! 

The top Recruiter, Donor and Fundraiser will each win a BE GREAT T-shirt.
It's that easy -- get started now, there is a lot of competition! 

Contest is over Nov. 14, Can you recruit the most people to our Cause?, READ this moving article by Kevin Lauritsen, executive director of the Boys & Girls Club of Henderson County, N.C. Yes times are tough, but our kids are terrific. 

http://www.blueridgenow.com/article/20081029/ARTICLES/810291021/1043/NEWS04?Title=Hope_for_the_future_is_in_the_hands_of_youth_leaders
, Watch moving highlights from this year's Youth of the Year speeches, including a clip from BGCA spokesperson Denzel Washington., Want to win a BE GREAT T-shirt like the ones worn by this year’s Youth of the Year finalists? (http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=1845997&id=11835240405) 

All you have to do is submit the best Boys & Girls Club music video and you could be a winner! 

Find out more: http://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=58931716280, Want to Win a BE GREAT T-Shirt & Other Boys & Girls Club Prizes?, Did you miss BGCA's Youth of the Year, Shonnetta Henry, live on CNN.com?

Watch this video and see what she had to say about how the Club changed her life, meeting Denzel Washington and growing up in poverty. 

http://www.cnn.com/video/?/video/living/2008/10/03/ypwr.shonnetta.henry.cnn
, Want your own BE GREAT e-mail badge? 

Check out the 'Notes' section above to choose from any of the 5 badges available. 

Start spreading the word about how Clubs her kids BE GREAT!  , http://www.ajc.com/living/content/shared-blogs/ajc/social/entries/2008/09/24/michael_phelps_stops_by.html

Michael Phelps stopped by an Atlanta BGC to hang out with kids and encourage them to reach their dreams. This is an incredibly well-written story! , Check out what one enterprising Boys & Girls Club did to attract and engage teens, raise money and teach kids about customer service and business management:

http://www.enewscourier.com/local/local_story_267091715.html
, Enter This Video Contest and Win a $2,500 Shopping Spree, These are photos from the kick-off of the new BE GREAT campaign. , null, Annoucing BE GREAT -- BGCA's new brand and advocacy campaign. Check out the site at www.be-great.org --- where you can read about how the Club changes lives, sign up for important news updates, support local Boys & Girls Clubs and read the Wall of Greatness, where everyday people can share their own stories about Boys & Girls Clubs., The five regional Youth of the Year winners met with President Bush on Monday, Sept. 15, 2008., BE GREAT is an idea which communicates the vital role we all play in helping young people find and achieve their dreams.

We hope this video inspires everyone to not only be their very best, but to help others be great, too., Back-to-School season reminds us of the important role education plays in helping young people succeed. 

Check out this great article about how Clubs support schools and communities in keeping kids off the street.

http://www.nevadaappeal.com/article/20080827/OPINION/808269995/-1/rss06
, Break out the tissues -- this story is going to make you tear up. 

Read about this mentor whose life was saved by his Club. It made such a difference in his life that he decided to help kids, too. 

http://www.clintonnews.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080821/CLASS/808210328/1012

Clubs are making a difference every day! 
, Read this moving article about how the Frank and Edith Morton Boys & Girls Club made a difference in one girl's life. 

http://www.azstarnet.com/metro/253017
, What are you doing to keep the kids in your life fit? 
Post your response on our Discussion board above. , Town rallies around Club in face of flood devestation, Read this inspiring article by Pamela Prather -- it speaks to all the difference that Clubs -- and everyone involved with the Clubs -- make in young lives. 

http://www.blueridgenow.com/article/20080731/NEWS/887365176/1015/OPINION03/NEWS/Living_proof_Boys_Girls_Club_leads_to_success
, BGCA Fan page reaches over 1,000 members! 

We would like to thank all of our BGCA Facebook fans for becoming members of this great community. We hope that you use this community to build awareness for the cause we believe in -- helping our nation's young people to reach their full potential. 

Keep spreading the word and telling all your Facebook friends about supporting Boys & Girls Clubs everywhere! , Check out our latest video -- a moving piece collected from moments of this year's anti-gang forum hosted in Atlanta, posted in the Videos section on this page.

It features former gang members speaking about their experiences -- watch it and tell us what you think in the comments section.
, Former gang members and anti-violence specialists Dr. James A. Fox of Northeastern Univ. and Dana Peterson, assistant professor or juvenile justice, speak at a Youth Violence Forum sponsored by the Boys & Girls Clubs of America in June, 2008., Make your vote count for BGCA! 

Facebook Causes is donating $15,000 to the cause who receives the most support from its fans.

Visit the “I’m Making a Difference” group page, facebook.com/im, and look for the poll on the right margin. 

Simply vote for BGCA -- we are in last place right now so we need all the support we can get. , Support BGCA and Help Us Raise $15,000, Cute SMART Girls pics -- thanks! , Lindsey -- you can help in many ways. Download the i'm badge, select BGCA as your cause and Microsoft will donate money with each instant message you send. 

You can help get the word out about our movement by inviting your friends to join this page and sign up for our free newsletter. 

You can also volunteer at a Club in your area, if they accept volunteers. Go to www.bgca.org to find a Club near you. , Janessa -- 
You can see all of our open national and loca lClub positions here:

http://www.bgca.org/careers/

Good luck! , BGCA Remembers Tim Russert, a Supporter and Friend, BGC Teen Hero Inspires Entire Community

Josh Alldredge, one of four teen finalists to win the Taco Bell Teen Heroes Award, donated his $10,000 recognition award to Boys & Girls Club of Northeast Alabama. 

Josh, who was diagnosed with a rare form of muscular dystrophy at age six, spends time at his Club tutoring youth. His inspiring story of triumph and dedication has encouraged his whole community to rally around him.

Read about here: http://www.gadsdentimes.com/article/20080612/NEWS/969473588/1017/NEWS, Sure -- feel free to post and share ideas under the Discussion section of this page.

Just remember that this site is open to the public, too. 

We look forward to all our Fans' discussions. , Check out our pics from the National Conference and share your own! , null, Buy Movies to Support BGCA, Looking for family-friendly movies this summer? 

Check out the new video site: http://www.bgcavideostore.com, where you will find safe, youth-friendly movies for the entire family to enjoy! 

With every video you purchase, a portion of the proceeds are donated to Boys & Girls Clubs of America! , Congratulations to Diamondbacks pitcher and Club alum Dan Harren, who was recently inducted into the BGCA Alumni Hall of Fame on May 7. 

See his MLB spot titled "Strikeouts" under the video section of this page . , Download the BGCA i'm Badge for Your Profile, BGCA's YouTube Channel, Prince Fielder of the MLB Milwaukee Brewers teaches a Boys & Girls Club member about the importance of never giving up. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzEqJRaaxSY, Diamondbacks MLB pitcher Dan Haren shows one Club member how trying your best is more important than whether you win or lose.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzWg5lZ8Nug, BGCA Fans: You are invited to view a sneak peak of our latest MLB spots -- broadcasting during baseball games throughout the season! We are releasing these spots to you before anyone else as a thanks for joining our Fan Page and getting involved! 

Look for them under our Videos section. , We love the vidoe you uploaded, Josh! Great work!, NY Times Article Points Out Need for Better Education, Great picture, Brittny, thanks for posting! , Use i'm and Microsoft will Donate to BGCA - on YOUR behalf!, Boys & Girls Club Week is over -- what did you do to celebrate? Post pictures, videos or share with others in a discusison. 
We can't wait to hear from you! , Don't Forget:
In order to participate in discussions, add photos or post to our wall, you must first become a BGCA Fan! 

Become a Fan by clicking on the Command in the upper right corner of this page, and then join in on all the fun! 

And check out our Day for Kids Fan page, too, where you can participate in discussions with others about what it means to spend meaningful time with youth. , This week is National Boys & Girls Club Week! 
Help spread the message and create awareness for all that Clubs have to offer., Just a Note:
In order to participate in discussions, add photos or post to our wall, you must first become a BGCA Fan! 

Become a Fan by clicking on the Command in the upper right corner of this page, and then join in on all the fun! , BGCA Has It's Own YouTube Channel, 2007-08 photos from Clubs all over, Photos from 2007, from Clubs across the country, To celebrate National Boys & Girls Club Week, BGCA is hosting a flag football game with BGC members here in Atlanta! We call our team the Knucklers!  Should be fun. , Join BGCA in celebrating National Boys & Girls Club Week, March 30 - April 5! 
Find a Club in your area and get involved in all the fun while seeing how Clubs make a difference in young people's lives. 

Visit www.bgca.org for more information., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)