List(null, Be sure to stop by Beverly Comic Con today!, Excited for the newest edition to our collection!  Because Kids are (Horrible) People too., We're starting up Chess Nights this Wednesday the 6th!  Sign up if you're interested- all levels welcome!

And please share!, null, Loved hosting this group!, Thanks to North Shore Coldwell Banker for having your meeting with us this morning!, LFG Night is THIS Wednesday! Come on down to make friends and play games!, Some select photos from Top Hats and Tiaras!


Also, our page is at 1600 likes.  Thanks guys!, Ok. So it's been a few hours. You've had dinner, and dessert is just crumbs. The awkward silence after your grandmother asked "how's school?" for the 5th time is rough.

Bring everyone down to The Castle! Families have tons of fun playing board games together, as seen on the back of our game of Portal! Open until 11pm today!, Scrolling through Facebook while sitting in a pew that you haven't sat in since LAST easter? Well stop it and pay attention! It's rude. 

And when you're done come down to play some games at The Castle! We're open today 11am -11pm!, Last night was super fun, thanks to all our Best Dressed Contest participants.  More pictures coming soon!, Tonight!  It's gonna be swanky!, Some select photos from our fancy dress party, 3/24/2016, Attention: at 7pm tonight, the dining room will be closed for a private event.  Barside will still be open and games will still be accessible. Please plan accordingly., CELEBRATE HERE APRIL 30, 2016. 

Official Geek and Sundry Retail Partners., Top Hats and Tiaras is only 2 days away!  Make sure you register (we just need your name) if you want to be part of our Splendor Tournament!, null, Hey, we're on pinterest now!  More boards coming soon., null, Check out our latest blog by our Game Master and learn about Spyfall, one of our hottest games that would be great for you to play at LFG Night!, null, Top Hats and Tiaras is coming up next week- have you RSVPed yet?, Happy Pi Day everyone!, Are you ready for our Splendor Tournament on March 24th?  Prepare yourself with the latest blog from our Game Master!, Don't forget, LFG Night is the last night of every month!  

Come down and make new friends and play new games!, We've gotten a lot of inquiries about getting people to come together to play chess- if you'd be interested in a chess night, please let us know!  Email info@thecastlebeverly.com if this is something you'd attend and please share!, Want to win money (yes)?  Because as part of our Top Hats and Tiaras event, we're doing a Splendor tournament, and the winner gets $50 cash moniez!  Don't know how to play Splendor?  You have until March 24th to come in and have us teach you (its easy)., We're closed today, but that means you can just spend all day planning what you're going to wear for this swanky event., https://www.instagram.com/p/BCn6y3HGM-t/, The snow is melting and its time to play games.  Get down here and learn something new today!, Today is the day!  Come down from 4pm-8pm for the grand opening of our great neighbors at 59 Park!, null, null, Hey Montserrat College of Art Students- Free gaming for you guys between 6pm and 11pm tonight!  Come down and have fun with us!, A perfect day to sit inside, playing games with some new friends.  Come to LFG Night at 6pm tonight!, Wowzer, its that time again- LFG Night is tomorrow night!  Come on down by yourself or with a friend, play some games and meet some new people!, Anyone have to get up at stupid o'clock in the morning? Because we do too! Come have a free cup of coffee this week as we roll out our early morning coffee hours from 6-9am M-F!, Tabletop RPG Nights Kickoff Tonight at 7:30pm!  Come tonight to get set up with a group!, Starting next week we have Early Morning Hours from 6AM to 9AM Monday to Friday. 

Order a coffee on the way to your train or before you go to work, Tabletop RPG Night Starts This Sunday!  Email Kevin@thecastlebeverly.com for details!, Starting next week: early morning coffee hours. 6am-9am Monday - Friday. Grab a latte on the way to the train!, Special Deal for Students who are on Vacation this Week: 1/2 Off Gaming Before 3pm and Groups of 5+ that have Vacationing Students Get Free Popcorn All Day! 

Starting 2/16 at 11am thru Friday!, Happy Valentine's Day everyone!, Tomorrow, we have the pro and anti Valentines crowds come together for fun, games and ready food! Can't wait to see everyone;, Next Week:1/2 Off Gaming Before 3pm for School Vacation and Groups of 5+ that have Vacationing Students Get Free Popcorn All Day! #beverlyma, Don't Miss Our Fun Valentine's Day Party- This Year, Its the Realists vs the Romantics, the Cynics vs the Optimists.  Which side are you on?, Looking for a great date spot? Check out our Game Master's date night game suggestions on the blog!

Also, be sure to come by on the 14th for our special Valentines Day event!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1333057263386650/, null, It's not very pretty, but it's well plowed! Parking is available so you don't have to find street spaces. Come see us at the Castle!, Votes are in, we play for fun!  Happy #SB50 everyone and thanks for your generous donations to Bootstraps through our canned food drive today!, Today, come on down!, Free hot chocolate to anyone who makes the trek over to game at The Castle today!  We will be open 11 to 11, but please be safe!, This Sunday- come play games, give to a great cause and earn yourself free stuff!, In Beverly, too!, Tomorrow night! Come learn some new games!, New Blog!  Check it out!, Miss us on the radio?  Listen here.  We were start at about 67 minutes in on the 1/24/2016 show.

http://www.northshore1049.com/pages/17218006.php, null, null, Thanks to all who came out last night, join us this Tuesday for our next event- a Demo Night of AEG Games!, THIS WEDNESDAY., Coming soon: Tabletop RPG Nights on Sundays for existing campaigns or those looking to join a new one.  Email info@thecastlebeverly.com for more details!, Sick of shoveling out in the snow? Come on in and play in the hot sand with Camel Cup! Also, we have coffee. which is hot. Come try our mocha caramel swirl!, Playing Dead of Winter in the dead of winter!, Our game master is also a beast master!  Come see David tonight from 5-11!, Our Food Talk radio segment will be re-airing this Sunday between 11 and noon, tune in if you missed it the first time!, PSA: North Shore Gamers Meetup will be taking over our dining room this evening so it could be a bit crowded tonight. Excited to host this great group!, One Week Until Our Next LFG Night!, Parents, rejoice! We've acquired two high chairs!, Check us out on Food Talk with Billy Costa This morning around 11AM! Click below to listen to their live stream, or just tune in on the radio at 104.9!, Tune in around 11:15am tomorrow to 104.9! We'll be doing an interview on the show Food Talk!, Excited for our new neighbors!, Cool event at Montserrat coming up: http://nsgamejam.com/, null, null, Just Two Weeks Until Our Next LFG Night!  Come Check It Out!, Happy One Month to Us!  Thank you to everyone who's stopped by, to the amazing people who've already been by enough to become regulars and most of all to our staff who have just blown us away.  2016 is going to be a great year!, null, Some Snapshots from our NYE Party.  Feel free to email any of your own photos to info@thecastlebeverly.com so we can share them.  Thanks to everyone for making it an awesome night!, null, null, #TheCastleNYE, Catch us up at the Beverly New Year's celebration on Cabot between 3 and 6 and then join us for our NYE party from 9 to midnight!, If you're in the area today, check out the Board Game Day being hosted at Manchester by the Sea Public Library!, Excited to be part of Beverly's New Year!  We will be in Ellis Square with some oversized games.  Afterwards, come to our NYE party, from 9pm to midnight!, https://www.instagram.com/p/_4ZwVpGMwu/, Come by for coffee!  Open until 11 tonight., Don't just sit at home, starting awkwardly at your family on the beautiful day after Christmas! Come see us, we're open until 11pm!, Merry Christmas everyone! Get out of bed and enjoy the day. We're closed today but bring the family by tomorrow, we'll be open 11-11!, Thanks for the great article, Beverly Citizen!, We're open until 5pm today!, Our hours this week are as follows:
Today: Closed (as we are every Monday)
Tuesday: 11-11
Wednesday: 11-11
Thursday (Christmas Eve): 11-5pm
Friday (Christmas Day): Closed
Saturday: 11-11
Sunday: 11-11, Christmas is a week away.  Don't forget- our gaming passes make great stocking stuffers!

Also, HOW IS CHRISTMAS ONLY A WEEK AWAY?  We haven't even started our shopping.  Oops., null, Full disclosure- this blog is run by the sister of one of the owners.  But still, might be helpful for some of you wondering what we're all about.  With pictures!  Oooo!, Jackie's Tees & Custom Apparel, We are closed tomorrow but will be back at it Tuesday.  Don't miss our first event Wednesday night either (https://www.facebook.com/events/475340252637596/)

Plus stay tuned for details for our upcoming New Year's Eve party!, Yes, yes, yes, we do birthday parties and other private events!  You can rent anywhere from a table to the entire place.  Email info@thecastlebeverly.com for details.  A great change of pace for your Christmas party this year!, Come to our first event, LFG Night! this Wednesday! 

For those who don't know, LFG stands for "Looking for Group", so you can come down Wednesday night, meet some new people and play some new games!  Come alone or bring a friend!, This Christmas, Think Local!  We posted yesterday that we have game and visit passes, but we wanted to take a moment to plug some of the other local business.

Next door we have Jackie's Tees & Custom Apparel, who has been so welcoming to us and does great custom gifts.  We also love Roost & Company, Plum Consignment, La Victoria Taqueria... so many great places!  What local places are you going to be doing your holiday shopping at this year?, Looking for Christmas gift ideas?  We have gaming passes for $5 or Visit Passes (includes game fee, one drink, one food item) for $15!  Come see us today!, Lexy Noel!  You win a pair of free gaming passes!  Send us a message to let us know if you're going to come in to grab them or if you want us to mail them!, Contest Alert!

We promised a giveaway when we hit 1000 likes- Like this post to be entered to win a pair of gaming passes!  One winner will randomly be chosen.  

Also, check out our first event next Wednesday:, null, null, Over 1000 likes, woohoo! Keep an eye out for a giveaway, we will post it soon!, We are closed today (and every Monday) but will be back to it tomorrow! Be sure to stop by!, Thanks to the Salem News for a great article!, It was brought to our attention that our game library on our website wasn't loading correctly- we definitely have more than 23 games!  It should be correct now, check it out!

http://thecastlebeverly.com/game-library/, We're almost at 1000 likes- when we get there, we will do a giveaway! Yay free stuff!, Good morning everyone!  We are ready for day 2- come on down to 240 Rantoul for games, food and great coffee.  We are open 11am to 11pm today.  Check out our menu: http://thecastlebeverly.com/menu/, Today rocked. So awesome meeting so many of you and a huge shout out to our killer staff. Let's do it again tomorrow, 11 to 11, ok?, null, We've had some people tell us they're traveling a good distance for our opening. If you're one of them, check in with us Saturday - we will be giving a prize to whoever traveled the furthest distance!, Officially passed our last inspection- nothing can stop us now! SEE YOU ALL SATURDAY!!, null, HEY HEY HEY.  GRAND OPENING NEXT SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5th FROM 11AM TO 11PM. COME PLAY GAMES.

We're excited., Oh hey, we hit 700 likes.  Neat-o!, Happy to be in the same town as this treasure!, Anyone else sing game titles because the jingles from their childhood are ingrained so deeply?, Make sure you follow us on Instagram to track our progress- @thecastlebeverly, Hope everyone had a great Halloween! We are still accepting applications, so be sure to get yours in soon!, Interested in working at The Castle?  Apply online!  Email any questions to info@thecastlebeverly.com, The time is coming for us to complete our team!  If you're interested in working at The Castle, we are looking for outgoing and fun people, especially experienced baristas and servers!  Game knowledge is always a plus, but not required if you're willing and excited to learn.  Apply by emailing info@thecastlebeverly.com and be sure to give us your contact information and any relevant experience!, Looking good!, How amazing is the paint job on our Zombicide Season 2 pieces? Huge shout out to Jeff Grant for making these way more awesome., Obsessing over the new paint job., null, Happy Talk Like a Pirate Day, everyone!  A great day to play Libertalia!, One of the best things about starting a business is all the cool people we've gotten to meet.  Rock on, Beverly., New Blog Post- check it out!, Ta Da!


Huge shout out to Caleb Owen Films for helping put this quick video together!, Working on a video to announce our location!, Finally working on getting those perk packages out! Thanks indiegogo backers!, #tbt to over a year ago when we roadtripped up to Toronto to check out Snakes and Lattes, the king of board game cafes, and make sure we really wanted to do this.  Glad we did!, Make sure you're following us on instagram @thecastlebeverly!, The real reason we're opening this business., Exciting to hear about successful board game cafes!, Hey boys a girls! We just added a new blog post updating everyone on what's been happening lately, and where we are in the process. If you're wondering what we've been up to give it a read!, null, Check out our website to see the list of backers who helped out with our indiegogo!  Is your name missing or misspelled?  Shoot us an email at ryn@thecastlebeverly.com to get it straightened out!, Hey friends, we're gathering more data just to show the interest that's out there for bringing a board game cafe to Beverly.  If you could help us out by filling out a quick 6 question survey, we'd love you forever!  And share with your friends- the more responses, the better!, Sorry for the silence lately, lots of cool behind the scenes stuff going on lately. Hopefully news we can share soon!, Thanks everyone for a great night! Special shout out to Cape Ann Improv for a great show!, Don't forget that this amazingness is happening tonight!, Make sure you check out the nice write up about Saturday's event in the Salem News!  Its going to be a blast and we hope to see you all there!, Don't forget your to get your tickets!  Event is THIS Saturday!, Check out Doug's latest game review!  Plus don't forget to buy your tickets for our event on May 30th with Cape Ann Improv, Games, Games, and Improv Games! (Available at thecastlebeverly.com), We are teaming up with Cape Ann Improv for an awesome event coming up on May 30th! Check it out!, Guys. Guys. You should totally check this out. We're hosting a boardgame night with an AWESOME twist: We've teamed up with Cape Ann Improv- a really awesome improv group based here in the north shore, to bring you a night of comedy gold and boardgame fun. It'll be a boardgame themed hour long improv show with gaming before and after the show. We'll have our board game library, coffee from Hogan Brother's coffee- The Castle's future supplier, and snacks galore! 

 You can buy tickets at our website (Thecastlebeverly.com) or at the door, but pre-ordering saves you $2! 

Come join in on the fun, And buy now because tickets are limited)!, null, Bored? That's ok, just read this article about one of my all-time favorite games! -Doug, Happy International Tabletop Day!  If you're celebrating today, take a picture and tag us on twitter (@thecastlebev) or instagram (@thecastlebeverly) to win a pair of gaming passes!, Hey look! An VERY respected news organization did a write up about board games! 

Oh wait, no, sorry. it's just buzzfeed. But still- what do you guys think? They had to pick 19 (for some reason) to put on here, I like most of their choices, you guys think they left any obvious titles out?, Hey Guys! If you didnt notice before, International Tabletop day is THIS saturday! We were lucky enough to meet the great guys organizing the North Shore Gaming group. Check out our post below and RSVP for a spot to come, hang out, have some snacks, and play awesome games with awesome people!, null, null, We all know what the oldest profession in the world is. But maybe the second oldest was Dungeon Master?, Going to check this out Saturday, anyone else?, Happy Pi Day everyone!, Hey Everyone- looks like this is a pretty popular opinion... you know, EVERYWHERE., Wanna hear about our time at PAX east? Because I wrote about our time. You should hear about it. Or read about it I guess., Just sent out a newsletter, make sure it didn't sneak in to your junk mail. Not on our mailing list? Sign up at thecastlebeverly.com.

Also,  we hit 500 likes!  Yaaaaaay!, Friday! Friday! Who is playing games this weekend?, IntheCar Media is freezing their butts off in the cold cold water in an effort to provide children who don't have it with clean drinking water! Help them meet their goal guys, they're an awesome company and it's an awesome cause!, Just 5 likes away from 500! Who can get us there?, Make sure you're following us on twitter @thecastlebev and instagram @thecastlebeverly, BOOM., We're so close!  Only $1500 to go!, WE'RE IN OUR FINAL DAY! As of this posting we only have 13 hours left! Thats right! in just a few short hours we will NO LONGER be bugging you guys to give us money! Isn't that awesome?! Until then, however, GIVE US MONEY! PLEASE. we're at $16,090. Which means we only need $1910 dollars to meet our goal! Some of you have been holding back, waiting until the right moment. well nows that moment! Anything can and will help! Thanks guys!, Hooray to Devon Ames who won our raffle at our Monserrat Game Night on Thursday!  We'll be contacting you by email with details but for now, yay!, Ok Ok Ok. We had an AMAZING time last night at Montserrat, so thanks everyone for coming out! Montserrat students are the greatest. 

We JUST got another $500 in our account, AND we have another $500 in cash we have to process through before we get it up to the Indiegogo Page. So that means we're at $15,035!! we only need $2,965 to make it to our match goal of $18,000, and then on to $20,000!! That's less than $3000 to make it to our goal guys, lets do this! 

Also, I can't get over this dog and kitten.  Adorbz., GUYS. I just talked to someone who really wants us to meet our goal. So he's going to give us TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS. But only to meet our goal, so we have to get to $18,000 by Sunday! 

That means we only $4605!! Come one guys! If you haven't given yet now's the time, and if you have given but want to see us make our goal, think of giving a little more! 

There are 490 people who like this page, if everyone who likes our page gave us TEN DOLLARS we'd make out goal TODAY. 

Help us out and make this happen guys!, Just 5 days left! the donations are flowing in but we need more to make our lofty goal! We can do this! Thanks for sharing before and tagging! Get the word out so we can make this happen! Only $6500 to go!, Last Week on our indieGoGo! We've got 6 more days and $7000 more to raise! Tough but totally doable! Tagging people to get the word out, tag more people! spread the word! lets make this last push big!, null, null, New update for the Indiegogo! One week left so please help us out in this last stretch of raising funds for the cafe!, Thanks to everyone who came out to our board game night tonight! We had an awesome time and a great turn out. Congratulations to our raffle winner, Joyce Tat!, TONIGHT.

Raffles, food, fun for free!  Come see what The Castle is all about tonight from 4pm to 9pm at First Parish on Cabot.


Since we just have snacks, and not dinner, tonight is a great night to support local businesses and eat out at one of the many great places in downtown Beverly!  Parking ban goes into effect at 9pm but won't be enforced for downtown businesses until later., Hey Everyone! Just a reminder that we need another $365 by the end of today to meet our match goal! I'm sure we can do it. we have 9 hours to go, so please give!, More than half of our board game inscription perks have been claimed! Get yours for only $35 and be forever immortalized on your favorite game!, New game review from Doug for Love Letter! Check it out. And don't forget about our match goal to get to $12000 by the 20th! Become a backer today!, Behold, the winner of our bumper sticker poll!  Backers whose perks include a sticker will be receiving the below shortly after our campaign ends.  Want a say in things?  Become a backer today (we're in the middle of a match goal, so your money will count for double!).  Next up, we'll be gathering opinions on our tshirts from backers.  Thanks guys!, Hey everyone, we've got another backer up and running now! This one's much like our Valentine's day one except we've got a number goal to meet!

 IF we can get to $12,000 by the 20th we'll get another $500 added on top! Donate now, you're money will be worth twice as much!

Also- don't forget our board game night this Saturday at the First Parish church on Cabot street. 4p-9p, we'll be there with snacks and games!, You voted and here is the result! Below are the dice our backers will be recieving. Stay tuned for the results of our bumper sticker vote., Don't miss out: Today only, in honor of President's Day, get our $65 perk for just $50!, Hey Everyone! Thanks so much for helping us meet our goal this weekend, our matcher will be putting in their money sometime today so awesome job everyone! We've got ANOTHER potential match goal coming up (apparently people like doing these things), we're hammering out the details now and we'll let you know when we get it! 

Also- As a president's Day Special we're putting our BISHOP level perk on sale for only $50. Because there's a president on the $50. Can you guess who that is? (hint: it's the our last name...) 

So check us out! Let your cheapskate friends know there's a SALE going on. People love sales., Tonight is the last chance to get the special valentine's weekend perk! Jump onto our indiegogo to get a special limited perk that gives you:

-free gaming for two
-free coffee or Gelato for two
-free set of dice or bumper sticker for two
-entered into a raffle to win the game Love Letters. 

All that for just the $45 perk! Hurry up and get donating because It'll be gone tomorrow!, Annnnnd you guys are amazing.  We met our match goal with plenty of extra time which means we have a backer who will be adding their $500 shortly.

We still have our special Valentine's weekend perk, so be sure to check it out! 

For $45 you get 
TWO free gaming passes
TWO free coffee's (or gelato) on us
A choice of Two Sets of Dice OR Two Castle Bumper Sticker 
Plus an entry into our drawing to receive the game "Love Letter" 

This perk is available until Monday morning only so grab it before its gone!, Hey Guys- Don't know if you know about this place, but there's a new kickstarter happening to bring A&B Burgers (http://anbburgers.com/) to Cabot St! Ryn and I have been there a few times and we loved it there, the food, atmosphere and service there were all excellent and we can't wait to have them downtown! Check out their page and help them reach their goal to bring and awesome business with an amazing look and concept to Cabot!, GUYS! hey guys. We've got two HUGE announcements today! First and foremost- we have a special valentine's day ONLY perk added at the $45 level. It's a great perk where you get  TON of stuff so check it out! 

Link to the perk:
 https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-castle-a-board-game-cafe/contributions/new?perk_amt=45&perk_id=2657336

ALSO- we've got another matcher giving us $500! But only if we can raise another $500 (to get us to $10,750) by MONDAY MORNING. so please check out our new perk and give give give! 

LAST THING- it seems like my CAPS LOCK button is BROKEN. PLEASE send HElp!, Bad news bears- we tried to fight it but the snow tomorrow is gong to force us to push our event back. Good news- we have already rescheduled for same time, same place, next Saturday the 21st!, Hey Guys! Don't forget our board game night tomorrow, also, for Valentine's day we've got a special, 1 day perk going up so keep in touch to hear how to get it! Also we've got another match goal for the day as well, it's going to be a big day! 

Hope to see you all gaming tomorrow!, Votes are coming in from our backers from our latest update!  Want to be a part of the process? Become a backer today at the link below!

Not yet sold on what we're up to?  Check out the free board game night we're hosting this Saturday in downtown Beverly to see what we're about! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/368052296707753/

My English teacher in 6th grade told me it was bad writing to end most sentences in an exclamation mark but I don't know how else to convey my excitement!!, Check out the updates section of our IndieGoGo!  We have another Backer's Only Decision and we want your vote!, Halfway there and right on track!  Check out below for updates and upcoming events., WE MADE IT! thanks so much guys! you all rock. We've got some other news and a backers only vote decision coming up so stay tuned!, New blog up: Doug's review of Ticket to Ride!, We only need $110 more to reach our 9k by the 9th goal! We have until 9pm and if we make it, a backer will give us $1000, getting us to our halfway point!, Due to snow ruining everything fun and exciting in our lives, we had to postpone  our gaming night to next week. But if you're still interested in what we're about and want to have a great time with family and friends, come on by! 

Next week, same time, same place- we're going to have 100+ different board games available for you to play, learn, and just have a great time with friends, family, strangers, enemies, whoever! 

So whatever you're into, come out and have some fun, free games, and laughter. Invite your friends and fight back the snowed-in gloom with some board games on Feb 21st!, Great giving guys! (Alliteration is fun!) Only $210 to go to meet our match and get another $1000! lets keep this up!! Thanks so much, Just $600 away from our goal of 9k by the 9th! Join in our 15 for 15 promotion,  where you tag 15 friends to donate and if at least 3 of them give $15, we bump you up to the next perk level! 

https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-castle-a-board-game-cafe, Lots of fun stuff going on! We launched  our 15 for 15 promotion yesterday  (see last post) and we are hosting a board game night, open to everyone, on February 14th! Stay tuned for even more exciting news,  coming soon!, We’re launching a new program starting today called 15 for 15! We’ve selected a few people (including ourselves) to tag 15 people in a special status. Each of those people ALSO needs to tag 15 other people encouraging them to give $15 or more to our crowdfunding campaign. $15 is basically two cups of Starbucks coffee, or one movie ticket. So please think about donating to help bring an awesome business to downtown Beverly for family, students and people of all ages to enjoy!

To help keep the momentum up we’re going to have some bonuses in play. If you get at LEAST 3 of your tagged friends to donate $15, we’ll automatically bump YOU up to the next level on our perk list! That means if you gave $15, and 3 of your tagged people gave $15 or more, then you’ll get our $35 perk! It’s a win-win for everyone! 

So tag some friends, let them know what’s going on, and maybe get a bump in our perk list! if everyone tagged donates at least $15, then it’ll only take ten rounds to reach our goal of $20,000! So please help us bring and awesome place to Beverly!

Donate here: http://igg.me/at/Thecastle/x/9550424, The Castle wants to be a place for affordable fun for everyone, including families.  Because of this, we have decided to never charge beyond 2 children per family.  So if mom and dad want to bring in their 4 kids, 2 will be free!  

Also, if you bring in 8 or more kids, and prove you're their primary caretaker, we'll let ALL of you game for free because, well, holy cow. I'm so sorry. 

So tell your friends with families to check us out! We aim to be a place for ALL ages in downtown Beverly, help us make it happen!

http://thecastlebeverly.com, We are thrilled to announce we have decided to carry Gelato Fiasco at The Castle (http://www.gelatofiasco.com).  This made in Maine product has been a favorite of ours for years- we even served it at our wedding in lieu of cake(see below).

To celebrate, we've added another $15 perk on our IndieGoGo campaign for a free gelato.  Donate today!, Hey Everyone! Thanks for sharing our status and entering our raffle. I've never been on the giving end of one of these things and it was fun getting all the names and picking a winner from a hat (it was a bowl, but hat sounds better). So congratulations Gamble Wiseman! You won 4 free gaming passes to our cafe and your choice of a free board game from the following list: 
-Ticket to Ride. 
-Forbidden Desert 
-7 Wonders  
-Dominion 
-Sushi Go!+Hanabi+Love Letter 

We'll be messaging you the details. And thanks everyone else for playing! We'll be announcing another exciting update at noon today so keep checking in!, null, Lots of entries into our raffle today- not too late to get yours!

As part of our "$9,000 by the 9th" goal, we are doing a raffle for a set of 4 gaming passes and a board game of your choice (chose from Ticket to Ride OR Forbidden Desert OR 7 Wonders OR Dominion OR Sushi Go!+Hanabi+Love Letter). To enter, just share our post on your page using the "share" button below. Anyone who donates $5+ today will be given an additional entry. Raffle closes at 8am 2/4, winner will be announced shortly after.

http://igg.me/at/Thecastle/x/9550424, Not too late to enter our raffle! See previous post for details and help us reach 9k by the 9th!, Hey Everyone! As part of our "$9,000 by the 9th" goal, we are doing a raffle to win a set of 4 gaming passes and a board game of your choice (chose from Ticket to Ride OR Forbidden Desert OR 7 Wonders OR Dominion OR Sushi Go!+Hanabi+Love Letter).  To enter, just share this post on your page using the "share" button below.  Anyone who donates $5+ today will be given an additional entry.  Raffle closes at 8am 2/4, winner will be announced shortly after.

http://igg.me/at/Thecastle/x/9550424, Guys, apparently you were all way too awesome meeting that last pledge goal, because we already have ANOTHER one. This one for $1000! listen to our update below for the details. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=536k5gtrg8Q&feature=youtu.be, Board games aren't the only games we love! Go Pats!! #champions #superbowl49, Exciting news for February! We have two fun events coming up: 

February 14th, 4pm-9pm Board Game Night at First Parish Church of Beverly, everyone on in the community invited
February 26th, 7pm Board Game Night at Monserrat College

Mark your calendars!  More details to follow., MADE IT! We got to our $500 matching goal ($7070) so our matching contributor donated his $500 as well! We're now at $7705! Thanks guys, 11 days in and we're almost halfway there! Let's keep this going! 

Stay tuned and we'll be announcing some exciting events, and new special perks for our campaign in the next few days., Hey Guys! You've all be awesome so far, we only need $110 more to meet our match goal and get another $500 on top! I am blown away every time we make a call and get the awesome response we get. Thanks everyone for helping us make this a reality., Backers! New update on our indiegogo- we need your help! Check it out!, Happy Friday guys! We just had someone pledge to give $500 if we can raise $500 by midnight on Sunday! This means we need to hit $7070 by then. Can you help us do it? 

Become a backer here: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-castle-a-board-game-cafe, We've hit 400 likes! Thanks for the support everyone,  don't forget our indiegogo is still going!, We've got some fun events happening around Beverly in February, stay tuned!, Be safe shoveling yourself out today!, Just posted a one week update on our IndieGoGo site- check it out!, Been meaning to become a backer but keep putting it off? We want to hit $6,000 today and we are almost there- Help us meet our goal! 

https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-castle-a-board-game-cafe, Happy Sunday everyone!  Word is, we might be in for a blizzard this week. Time to stock up on new games to keep the fun going if you get snowed in!, Hope everyone's enjoying their snowy day.  Its a great day for staying in and gaming!, Don't forget our IndieGoGo campaign is still going!  Become a backer today- every little bit helps! 

Check it out at: http://igg.me/at/Thecastle/x/8874441, While we love games like Settlers, 7 Wonders and Avalon, we also have guilty pleasures. Ryn's favorite guilty pleasure game is Mall Madness - what's yours?, Happy Friday! Can we hit 300 likes today?, Make sure you say hi to us on twitter @thecastlebev!, Happy day 3 of our indiegogo! Can we hit $3000 today?, Day 2 and still going strong!  You guys are seriously blowing us away!  Thank you!, On our mailing list? Check your spam and promotions folder to make sure emails are coming through.  Not on our mailing list? Go the thecastlebeverly.com to sign up!, Awesome start yesterday,  thanks for all the support! Let's keep it going!, Check out this great article about The Castle in the Salem News!, Our crowdfunding campaign is LIVE!  Click below to donate to help bring The Castle to Beverly., New Blog Up!  Review of The Resistance by our very own game guru, Doug.  Check it out!, null, Have you invited your friends to like The Castle? Spreading the word is our number one priority right now and we'd love to have your help!, http://www.silveroakcasino.com/blog/how-to-choose-the-perfect-board-game/, Are you following us on Twitter? Find us @thecastlebev, Working out the details of our crowd funding campaign and Kevin wants to put "name our baby" as a perk for a high donation level. Somehow, I don't think he's going to quite convince me on this one., This is a necessary addition to our collection. One I will not stop searching for until I get it., So many exciting things happening in Beverly right now, we are just glad to be a part of it all.  We had a great opportunity to meet with Jake of the Market Boys this morning- make sure you check out their gofundme campaign that's going to help them bring a pop-up skate park to the empty Bell's Market Building., OUR WEBSITE IS LIVE!!! Go check us out at TheCastlebeverly.com! 

We have some promo pics, details on what our plans are, and a blog! Sign up for our mailing list to get updates! 

See you guys there!)