List(Picked up our first order of local, organic spinach from Tangerini's Farm., As in previous years, we will close early on Easter Sunday, at 3 pm.  Sunday, March 27th hours 8 am-3 pm.  Looking forward to seeing you soon!, So excited about our new coloring sheet!  Thanks to Marcia Cooper from Green Newton and Ava Waitz and Logan Gallagher from Newton North High School for putting together our first 'local' activity sheet.  www.greennewton.org, We are looking for wait staff to join the fabulous team at Johnny's!  Mostly nights available at present - call or stop by and ask for Jarnail., null, null, So happy that we're now serving deliciously local chocolate milk from High Lawn Farm!  www.highlawnfarm.com, null, Thanks to members of the Boston College hockey team for bringing the Beanpot by today - CONGRATULATIONS FROM EVERYONE AT JOHNNY'S!, Happy Snow Day!  Still time to grab lunch at Johnny's if you're out.  We have decided to close at 3 pm today to allow our daytime staff to get home safely and not have our night staff on the roads as the storm worsens.  Hope everyone is safe and warm - we will be open tomorrow at 7 AM for breakfast!  See you soon -, Our friends at Red's Best have a great event coming up - check it out!, We will be closing Thursday, February 4th at 2 pm to make some equipment upgrades and apologize in advance for any inconvenience!
Also we will close early on Superbowl Sunday, February 7th at 3 pm as we have in previous years., Words of wisdom from our friends at Red's Best!  We serve locally caught, traceable white fish in all our white fish dishes - tacos, sandwich, fish and chips and our Fresh Local Catch., Have you tried our local, organic maple syrup from Blue Heron Farm in Charlemont?  www.blueheronfarm.com, Saturday is Josh's last day with us - he has played an integral part in Johnny's success these last two years.  He's around noon till close today and will be opening tomorrow and leaving mid-afternoon.  If you're in the area stop by - we wish him great success in his next adventure!, Thank you to Martha Sullivan of Sullivan Communications and Julie Kramer the Music Director at Radio BDC for hosting us this morning - always a pleasure!, Picked up some beautiful local produce from Tangerini's Farm today - we've been featuring their local organic salad greens and roasted beets in a salad special - come on by and check it out.  A sweet blast of local deliciousness in the middle of winter!, Thank you Spoon University for nominating our Crunchy French Toast as one 'Boston's 50 Things to Eat in Boston Before You Die!' 


http://spoonuniversity.com/eat-out/50-things-eat-boston-die/?utm_source=restaurants&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=facebook-partnerships, We have slightly different hours for the winter...please see below!

Monday - Wednesday: 7:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Thursday - Saturday: 7:00 AM - 9: 00 PM
Sunday: 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM, BC and Lasell University students! Come in with you student ID any day in December and receive 15% off of your bill (excluding alcohol, only valid after 5 pm). See you soon!, You can now order food online through our website (www.johnnysluncheonette.com)! First order = 15% discount for a limited time only., We are pleased to offer a 50% 'Salute to our Troops' discount for all guests with a military ID this upcoming Veterans Day on Wednesday, November 11th., null, Proud to be serving white fish from Red's Best at Johnny's - our thoughts go out to their hardworking crew, particularly those involved in the recent accident., Happ Halloween!!, Johnny's is the anytime place for anyone. We provide a fun atmosphere, friendly service as well as breakfast all day long. We have been a staple of the Newton community for over twenty years and look forward to 20 more., We are thrilled to have received a Village Business Award-Newton Center from the Newton Economic Development Commission.  Thanks to our hard-working team, led by General Manager Ken Brienza, and Managers Jarnail Bhular and Josh Masterson for making the day-to-day commitment to offer great food and service to our diners.  Thanks to all our servers, bussers, kitchen staff, and dishwashers - it's your work ethic and welcoming attitude that keep customers coming back. And a huge thank you to all our customers - whether you dine with us daily or stop in once a year when you're in town, we always appreciate you choosing Johnny's. We're so happy to be doing business in the wonderful city of Newton!, Looking forward to seeing this documentary.  Still lots of tickets left - hope to see you there!, Love working with Laura and Charlie - very happy that we have been able to offer some of their fabulous local produce at Johnny's this year., Heather, thanks for the great article!  Looking forward to seeing more folks from Brandeis -, This is the story behind our crayon collection box at Johnny's.  We are just about to send off our first box of broken bits and pieces of crayons that we have saved from the waste stream.  Such a cool idea!, Juicy and sweet local watermelon from Tangerini's!, Picked up some beautiful produce this week from Tangerini's Farm in Millis.  Slicing tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, green peppers, wild blueberries and even some watermelon!  Like many of you we try to purchase some local produce during the growing season to provide the best food we can to our customers and support our hardworking farmers.  Great day to head to a Farmer's Market - Tangerini's Farm is at the Natick Farmer's Market every Saturday 9-1 pm.  www.tangerinisfarm.org, Congratulations and Good Luck to Newton Southwest Little League.  We sent them off this morning with breakfast bags as they journey to Connecticut to continue their great season!
http://newtonsoutheastll.org/, Picked up some more great produce from Tangerini's Farm today., Congratulations to Red's Best -  the delicious, fresh and local white fish in our Fish Tacos, Fish Sandwich, Fish and Chips and Local Catch is supplied by them!, Had a great time today at CJP - thanks so much for having me come in!, Picked up all kinds of great produce at Tangerini's Farm today
www.tangerinisfarm.com  Head lettuces, cucumbers, green peppers, cherry tomatoes, summer squash and zucchini in preparation for my food demo at Combined Jewish Philanthropies tomorrow at noon. www.cjp.org, Will be heading to the Newton Free Library on Homer Street later today to donate blood.  Stop by if you're in the area, it's an easy, no-cost, relatively painless way to help others - and you get to lie down in the middle of the afternoon!, Posting this thinking of Laura Tangerini at Spring Street Farm who has helped supply produce to three restaurants I've had over the past dozen years.  It's worth heading to Millis to check out her farm - www.tangerinisfarm.com, Most people are surprised to learn that over 90% of the fish and seafood eaten in New England is imported.  We've got the real deal at Johnny's.  Fresh locally caught whitefish - it's fresh, it's from New England and it's delicious!  We proudly support our New England fishing families., Great looking list of specials.  The local berries look fabulous -
hope to see you this weekend!, New phone system in today - thanks for your patience if you were trying to reach us the last couple of days and had trouble!, Our phones are currently down - sorry for any inconvenience if you've tried to call.  Hopefully service will be restored soon!, Just wanted to let everyone know we will be open Saturday, July 4th from 7 am - 3 pm.  Come on by if you're in the area!  Lots of fun things going on in Newton -
l, null, An important read about how important it is to support locally owned and operated businesses., Found a really cool organization that will take our used, broken bits of crayons, recycle them into new crayons and then donate them to hospital art programs.
www.crayoninitiative.org, We've got local, organic salad greens from Tangerini's Spring Street Farm in Millis, for our mesclun mix salads this week.  Also some head lettuce for burgers and sandwiches.  Cost and consistent supply are always a challenge in a diner format, but we will do our best to bring in a few items from area farms during the upcoming growing season.
http://tangerinisfarm.com/, We recently installed an Eco Thermal Filter system that captures  waste heat from our cooking line to preheat water that goes to our hot water tank.  Really exciting opportunity for restaurants to reduce energy use and save money.  Thanks to our friends at Next Step Living - making the world a little greener with one more great idea., Over 90% of the fish and seafood we eat in New England is imported when there's plenty of local fish off our own coast., We are thrilled to be hosting Sean Smith on our final night of local music as part of the month long Festival of the Arts in Newton.  Check him out at http://seansmithmusic.webs.com/
See you tonight - music runs 6-7:30 pm.  20% of all food sold after 5 pm goes to the Arts Festival!, Happy Memorial Day - here's a link with some interesting history about this special day to honor our veterans., Another local music night is coming up on Tuesday, May 19th featuring The Barbara Cassidy Band as part of the month long Festival of the Arts in Newton.  20% of all food purchased after 5 pm will be going to support the Arts Festival.  Music 6-7:30 pm.  It's a great time - hope to see you there!, Johnny's will be one of the food vendors at the upcoming Natural Awakenings sponsored event on May 31st., Our second Tuesday music night is happening tomorrow!  Thrilled to have the Crowes Pasture Family Band playing from 6-7:30 pm
as part of the Newton Festival of the Arts.  20% of all food purchases goes to the Festival!, Great night of music last night! Thanks to The Take 3 Jazz band - really talented Newton students. This is just one of the many fantastic events happening as part of the month long Newton Festival of the Arts., Music tonight at Johnny's!  Check out The Take 3 Band from 6-7:30 pm tonight and support local music  -  20% of food sales this evening will be donated to Newton Festival of the Arts., Check the video for the upcoming Festival of the Arts -, A week from tonight we will have music at Johnny's 6-7:30 pm to celebrate the month long Newton Festival of the Arts.  Come check out the local talent of The Take 3 Band.
l, Now serving 100% pure organic maple syrup from Blue Heron Farms in western MA!, Looking forward to having music at Johnny's every Tuesday night in May, 6-7:30 pm as part of the Festival of the Arts Celebration., Check out our new benches !, Check out the Boston Globe Magazine today to see the photo shoot that took place at Johnny's for the band Magic Man,  in the Most Stylish Bostonians section -, Johnny's is now delivering! Pancakes -> delivered = awesome

https://www.doordash.com, null, Specials for the week!, Jose Dos Santos has been with us for many years, beginning with Nourish and now at Johnny's. He developed the recipe for our Local Fish Stew that was recently featured in the Boston Globe, on Channel 7 and several food blogs.  He's an important member of our hardworking team. Thanks Jose!, Clearly this is a day to be safely inside and not a day to send staff out to open Johnny's so we have decided to remain closed today. We hope you are all safe and warm and we look forward to seeing everyone tomorrow!, Due to the sever weather we will not be opening until 3 pm today…it's crazy outside!, With the incoming blizzard, we will be having a delayed opening tomorrow for Sunday, February 15th. We will do our best to open our doors by 11:00 AM but will keep you posted.

Stay safe!, We are open today!, We will be closed all day today due to the snow...stay warm and travel safe!, Great article about the local white fish on our menu!, We did our best - stayed open all day - but it's now time to get staff safely home.  Hope everyone is somewhere warm - hope to see you all tomorrow or later this week!, Here's a cool, inspiring idea for a wintry day - the possibilities for doing great things in the world are truly endless!, We are open - stop in after shoveling for a great meal. The Gronk Burger sounds about right today!, Just a reminder that our local fishing event 'Dishing about Fishing' is on for tonight! The reception starts at 5:30 pm followed by an 'all local fish' themed dinner at 6:30…see ya soon!, We will be closed Tuesday, January 27th for the entire day due to the severe weather. Stay safe, see you on Wednesday!, null, Come in wearing any @Patriots clothing and you get a free mini milkshake with your meal #RevisIsland #PatriotsNation, Only one more week until we welcome Jared Auerback (founder of Red's Best) in to host a local fish dinner a Johnnys! The night will feature Jared sharing his wisdom on the local fishing industry and ways we can support sustainable fishing efforts - all accompanied with a set 'local fish' themed dinner including fish tacos, a portuguese Monkfish soup along with a 'Local Catch." 

The event is WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28TH AT 5:30 PM. If you would like to come to this event to have some great food and learn about local fishing from one of the leaders in the industry, please contact Martha Sullivan at 617.835.2264 or email us at johnnysnewton@gmail.com to RSVP., Retweeted Carolyn Twomey (@Carolyngian):

#AFCChampionship menu @johnnyslnchntte Newton MA for @Patriots 4 eggs 4 @wilfork75 #PatriotsNation #GoPats #football http://t.co/vqPuiQuZNB, Check out our Patriot's themed Playoff specials! 'Gronk Burger,' 'Brady Beef Knishes' and of course, the 'Vince Omelette.' Walk into Johnny's with a Patriots jersey and let your server know to receive a free mini shake... Go Pats!, WE ARE PARTNERING WITH REDS BEST SEAFOOD TO HOST A DINNER! 

 (http://www.redsbest.com/shopreds/)

It's called "Dishing About Fishing: What it Takes to Get New England Seafood onto Our Local Tables" at Johnny's on Wednesday, January 28th at 5:30 PM. 

The dinner features 3 courses for $15.95 highlighting some of our region's best fish and seafood. Jared, the founder and CEO of Red's Best and Karen Masterson, owner of Johnny's Luncheonette will share what they are both doing to further the sustainability of our fishing industry. As tables will be limited, please RSVP to JohnnysNewton@gmail.com, null, null, http://www.wcvb.com/news/wake-up-call-johnnys-luncheonette/30529320

Good morning!, Retweeted Jenny Barron (@JennyWCVB):

Look, @EmilyWCVB & @LokayWCVB! Wake Up Call gifties from @johnnyslnchntte! Love those blueberry muffins! :-) http://t.co/0MsWBFPiOU, Retweeted Rep. Joe Kennedy III (@RepJoeKennedy):

Nice to be back in MA this morning. Catching up with @MayorWarren over breakfast @johnnyslnchntte in Newton http://t.co/emUfY4JGYL, Come check out our new sign, it rocks! http://t.co/TqDreVGeQC, Come check out out new sign, it rocks http://t.co/Y5mMzoRJdI, Today is the last Tuesday of Domestic Violence Awareness month. We will once again be donating 20% of sales after 5 pm today to a fantastic non-profit in Newton called 'The Second Step." Please check them out here http://www.thesecondstep.org/Home.aspx
and come in to eat tonight for a great, local cause., Initials for the day: "R Z", Here are the details for Rock the Boat, an event we will proudly be participating in hosting by the Northwest Atlantic Marine Alliance. Come down to the Armory at 191 Highland Ave in Somerville between 6:30 PM and 9:30 PM on November 7th. More details and ticket information can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/events/833449573333806/, Hey everyone! We will be serving food at an incredible event called "Rock the Boat" on November 7th to support the Northwest Atlantic Marine Alliance (http://namanet.org)., Retweeted SL3Productions (@SL3Productions):

Special thanks to @nnchamber for hosting a great member appreciation night with @johnnyslnchntte. What a blast !!!, Very excited to host tonight's Newton Chamber of Commerce event @nnchamber. Come by and grab a beer, matzoh ball soup, and more!, October is domestic violence awareness month - tonight we are donating 20% of sales to The Second Step (http://t.co/lAXvLaPrSl), I initials for the day: "W F", Initials for the day: "Q S", Initials for the day are "O K ", $4 mimosas now served everyday all day. Made with 100% fresh squeezed Natalie's Orange Juice http://t.co/rh2nf4o5Al, Now featuring $4 mimosas - everyday, all day, Retweeted NAMA (@WhoFishsMatters):

Happy Hump Day! Treat yourself to dinner tonight at @johnnyslnchntte and then join them at #NAMARockTheBoat on Friday, Nov 7th, 6:30-9:30..., Every Tuesday night for the month of October we are donating 20% of sales to The Second Step, a non-profit located in Newton dedicated to supporting domestic violence survivors. Please check out their website, and come by on Tuesday nights to help support a local organization doing great work.

http://www.thesecondstep.org/Home.aspx, Featuring a swordfish special this week from @redsbest in Boston!, New chalkboard, new specials, come check us out!, Retweeted Patty Chase (@pattychase919):

Love this place. Great matzoh ball soup! (@ Johnny's Luncheonette - @johnnyslnchntte in Newton, MA) https://t.co/mrDluuNhUH, Sign up for our new loyalty program at the link below to save $ for life!

https://swipely.com/johnnys, Retweeted Holly Ryan (@HollyvRyan):

@johnnyslnchntte with @NewtonDems_MA @RepJoeKennedy @marthacoakley @stevekerrigan, Retweeted Joe Kennedy (@joekennedy):

Up early talking to people at @johnnyslnchntte in Newton--great way to start the weekend http://t.co/32DiteQTLx, Retweeted Shawn Fitzgibbons (@spfitzgibbons):

TOMORROW-let's show we're ready in #NewtonMA-join @joekennedy @marthacoakley @stevekerrigan - 830a @johnnyslnchntte & 915a @CabotsIceCream, Chocolate Frappe = Good idea today http://t.co/LmfkhevCsW, Having some trouble with our phones today - we apologize for any inconvenience!, It's not on the menu, but come in and ask for a Downeast Hard Cider to cool down...it feels like July! http://t.co/DHHRAWbE04, Fall is coming ! Come in for a delicious piece of Apple Pie. http://t.co/XVJWhygW1d, Step into fall with a delicious piece of Apple Pie from Johnny's !, Specials for the week ! We are also serving a lobster roll for the rest if summer that comes with chips, served on a brioche roll., Some of our favorite long time customers Ruth and Mel giving one of our servers birthday flowers!, Oreo pancakes !, Follow us on our recently created instagram account at johnnysluncheonette, Specials for the week...

-Oreo Pancakes - classic flapjacks with a twist.
-Chipotle Chicken Salad - Featuring a house made vinaigrette and organic greens.
-Chicken Parm Sandwich - Panko crusted chicken, fresh mozzarella and marinara.
-Lobster Roll - Maine lobster on a brioche roll, served all summer long!

Happy 4th of July weekend!, null, It's a beautiful day today - happy Saturday!, Check out our new website!

http://t.co/eGUS1yXhZ4, Check out our new website! 

www.johnnysluncheonette.com, Johnny's Mug  http://t.co/yCsFpxmQnW, Come check out our new Specials Board!

Now serving Lobster Rolls for the rest of the summer - Featuring 1/4 lb of Maine Lobster with City Growers Red Leaf Lettuce on a toasted Brioche Roll along with chips., Come try our new OREO Mini Milk Shakes!, We will be closing Monday, June 2nd at 8:00 PM for a staff event and will resume our normal closing time of 9:00 PM the following day.

Have a great Thursday!, Come try our new mini - milkshakes! Flavors available in OREO, vanilla, chocolate, mint chocolate chip, and strawberry - all $1.95, We recently added a few items to the menu including a California Burger, Pulled Pork Sandwich, Steak Tip dinner, Georgian Pecan Sweet Beet Salad and more - come give them a try!, Let's go Bruins!! Come in and watch the game today at 12:30, We will be closing this upcoming Monday, May 5th at 2:00 pm for some minor construction and will resume normal business hours on Tuesday, May 6th.

Thank you for understanding!, Check out this great article on Newton by Bustle.com!!, Thank you, Congressman Joe Kennedy for stopping by today!!!

(http://kennedy.house.gov), It is Freeeeeeeezzzzzing out there! Solution -- A hot bowl of Johnny's Matzo Ball Soup. Come on in!, A little rain. A little wind. It ain't that bad out. Come on in to Johnny's and get your fill before the big Turkey Day tomorrow., 20 years ago today a little diner opened up for business in Newton Centre, Massachusetts. Thanks to all our fantastic customers and friends, we are still around today and cooking delicious food for you to enjoy! It's our 20th birthday! Come in and celebrate with us!, Folks! What do you love about Johnny's?? The food, the atmosphere, the people, the music, the gum ball machine, the smell of the sweet potato fries? Share what you love about Johnny's Luncheonette in a comment below! Pleeeease..., Thank goodness for Friday! The WEEKEND is HERE and that means it is time for Sat. and Sun. BRUNCH. Come on in to Johnny's and get some! Yum!, Big thanks to Dirty Water News for the great write-up! We are glad you like our new Nannie's Kitchen menu!, Please come to Mayor Setti Warren's press conference being held at Johnny's on Saturday, July 27th at 11am to introduce "Wellcoin", Did you know that Matzo Ball Soup on a HOT day actually makes you feel COOLER!!!? Thats right folks! We have plenty of it. And plenty of A/C., Today is a gorgeous day for a frappe. Coffee. Chocolate. Strawberry. Vanilla. Malted. Mmmmmm....GET in here and get yours!, Come in and get your fix of hot Matzo Ball Soup on this dreary and rainy spring day., Want to make your Ma, Mom, Mother, Mum, or Madukes happy this Mother's Day? Take her to brunch at Johnny's Luncheonette! 
Remember that you can always call 1 hr. ahead and put your name on the wait list. See you on Mother's Day!, Hmmm...What does your Valentine really want today?...Johnny's Crunchy French Toast with Fresh Strawberries that's what!, Hey All! Due to the MBTA closures and the crazy amount of snow outside, Johnny's is closed today (Sat.). However, we will be open as of 8 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday), serving delicious breakfast all day long. Stay warm. Stay safe. And we will see you tomorrow!, We hope all of you guys stay safe during Nemo! Get those shovels out people., VOTE FOR JOHNNY'S! Best Brunch, Best Greasy Spoon, Best American, Best Burger, or Create your own category like...Best French Toast or Best Matzo Ball Soup. Do you have a good category idea? Share it with us below and THANKS for your votes!!!!, Lose power in the BIG wind/rain storm last night? Leave your breakfast to us then...Come on in for something tasty!, Hate Long Waits? We don't blame you. Remember, we have call ahead seating. Call within an hour of your arrival and you can get your party on the Johnny's wait list!, Do you have a favorite breakfast meal at Johnnys? We'd love to know. Please share!, Cold yet? Take a break from shoveling and get on in here. You can warm up with some BRUNCH!, There is still time for the Mayan prediction of the END OF THE WORLD to come to fruition! Come into Johnny's and get some Sweet Potato Fries before its too late!!!, HOT! BOTTOMLESS!...coffee!!!!!! We got the best at Johnny's., Run out of leftovers? Don't fret. Head into Johnny's for a delicious brunch meal on this gorgeous day., We've had some requests for a few shots of the inside of Johnny's. We hope you enjoy the album., Its going to be a delicious weekend at Johnny's folks! Come and join us for some BRUNCH!, Joe Kennedy stopped in this morning for some breakfast before heading to the polls. Looks like he enjoyed some fresh squeezed O.J.! , Its National Cheeseburger Day folks! There is only one true way to celebrate. The 50s Burger @ Johnny's! Come get one before the day is over. Mmmmmm good., Check out our new Family-style Takeout Menu for the Holiday Season, which includes a Braised Brisket Dinner for the entire family, plus a bunch of additional Nannie's sides to choose from. The holidays are right around the corner! 
Eat Well., Celebrate Labor Day tomorrow @ Johnny's! Come on in for a delicious brunch., Newton was recently named 4th Best City to Live in the U.S. by Money Magazine. They say there are plenty of 'perks' about living in Newton. Crunchy French Toast @ Johnny's Luncheonette perhaps?, Is there something that you're desperately wanting to see on the Johnny's menu? Maybe an old menu item you miss? Tell us!, What are the initials today you ask? Well, if we told you it wouldn't be a surprise. So, come on in and see if your initials are in the window for a FREE meal!, "You often see several generations at a table in kitsch-perfect Johnny’s in Newton Centre. Some menu items are Jewish-deli style, like cheese blintzes, latkes, the Wolfie (corned-beef scramble), and the Jack & Marion (smoked salmon and the usual fixings on a bagel). Bring bubbe, zaide, and the kids for breakfast all day." - Boston.com Best Breakfast Spots in Boston article., Check out our New and Improved Website for Menu Items, Photos, Catering information, and more! http://www.johnnysluncheonette.com/, Its Nannie's Kitchen time!!!, Come watch Carl Crawford attempt to hit a baseball in his return to the Sox on our TV at our counter tonight! If you haven't tried anything from our Nannie's Kitchen menu, NOW is your chance., Johnny's makes the list. Awesome!!!! , LOBSTER ROLL time @ Johnny's! Check out the specials!, Look for our servers and staff sporting the new Nannie's Kitchen T-Shirts in the upcoming weeks. Also, we'd love to get our Fans' Feedback on whether you'd buy one for yourself! Let us know!, HAPPY 100th BIRTHDAY to Fenway Park!!! Mazel Tov!, Whale's Tail, Victory Hop Devil, Smuttynose Brown Dog Ale. NEW BEER AT JOHNNY'S PEOPLE!, Have you tried our New Additional Dinner Menu called "Nannie's Kitchen" Yet?? If so, what do you like? If not, what are you waiting for!?, null, Johnny's Luncheonette proudly presents "Nannie's Kitchen", our new lunch and dinner offerings inspired by our Nannie's Jewish cuisine. , Specials this week include roast beef hash, cold Jewish tapas plate, gardenburger Reuben , chicken in a pot, and Amy's roasted half chicken with apricot glaze tsimmes and cucumber salad., Do you have MARCH MADNESS!?!? Well, you can satisfy it with a bowl of Matzo Ball Soup. Don't ask questions. Just believe us. We got the best stuff at Johnny's., Specials this week include the Maine Line, The Jordan Marsh, an Italian Frittata, Buffalo Chicken Caesar Salad, a TBLTE, Franks and Beans, and Ground Sirloin Dinner., Johnny's is rolling out some unbelievable menu items in the next few weeks. Lots of new dinner entrees and small plates. Stay tuned..., Almost at 200 fans! Come on Ladies and Gents! Show some love for your local diner, tell all your pals to 'like' us on FB, and come eat some delicious grub., Johnny's Jordan Marsh Blueberry Muffins are made in-house every morning.  come get yours today., Awesome specials this week include the midnite special, tsimmis hash, stuffed cabbage, liver and onions, brisket dinner, and the fresser sandwich (corned beef,turkey, and chopped liver with tomato, swiss, and slaw on a bulkie with a side pickle and half sour tomato)! Yum!!, Well...if you're aching over yesterday's bitter defeat, there is only one true cure. MATZO BALL SOUP!!! Quarts and pints available to go. Shissels and bowls available for eat-in., null, Have you tried our delicious Meatloaf Dinner with savory gravy, mashed pots, and peas? If not, then get on in here tonight and treat yourself. The Celtics will look to start a new winning streak against the Raptors and the game will be on too!, Amazing new small plate specials at Johnnys right now. Special Dinner items include Stuffed Cabbage, Brisket Dinner, and Chicken in the Pot. You must come in to discover the deliciousness., There is only one place to get the best freaking brisket sandwich you'll ever have...Johnny's Luncheonette!!! Available now., Yay Johnny's!!!, The Langley., Johnny's fans! Come in tonight and only tonight, Jan. 19th, and say the secret word to your server, "fig newton", to receive a FREE order of fries or sweet potato fries with your meal !!!, null, Johnny's MLK Day, null, Will the Patriots game be on at Johnny's this evening? No Doubt!! Come in for a late dinner and a brewski and enjoy the first quarter with us., Have you ever tried our Waban's Frittata? No!!!??? WHAT! Delicious open-faced omelette topped with mashed potatoes, scallions, bacon and swiss cheese. Its to die for! mmmm good., New Specials include the Rascal House, grilled Steak Strip Salad, Pulled Pork Sandwich, Chicken Livers, and Franks and Beans., Never ending Fun at Johnny's., Come watch the Broncos vs. Steelers game and order yourself a hot coco and some hot lentil soup. Can't think of anything better!, New specials!! Winter Veggie Hash, Turkey Salad, Pulled Pork Sandwich with Swt FF, and a Roasted 1/2 Chicken with lemon and garlic served with spinach and a latke. Don't forget about the Orange Pineapple Freeze!!! Mmm., Heads up Johnnys Fans!! We will be closing at 3 pm tomorrow, Saturday the 31st, for the eve of the New Year. We will be open our regular hours on Sunday the 1st, at 8 am. Come in tomorrow for some brunch and then get out there and enjoy NYE!!!, Top of the Muffin to yooouuu!!!!, Specials this week include Green Eggs and Ham, The Jordan Marsh Blueberry Muffin Special, a Grilled Chix Salad, a Turkey Bacon TBLTE, and BBQ Turkey Tips!!!, null, Johnny's closes at 3 pm tomorrow folks. And we are closed on Christmas as well. Back in business on Monday at 7 am., On the second night of Chanukah Johnny's gave to me....a GIGANTIC POTATO LATKE!!! Available now for only $7.95., Johnny's has new specials on the menu!! Come in and try our HUGE Potato Latke just in time for Chanukah!, Mugs!!, Kidz menus!!!, Come in and try our special Pulled Pork Dinner, complete with SWT potato fries, slaw, and homeade cornbread!!! A perfect hot meal for a chilly night., Mmmmmm good!, Johnny's now bakes our own Blueberry Muffins using the original Jordan Marsh recipe!!!! We use fresh blueberries and we bake em every morning. Come in and try one!, Hey!! Buy a $100 Johnny's Gift Card and receive a $25 Gift Card for FREE!! 
Buy a $50 Gift Card and receive a $10 Gift Card for FREE!! Deal runs through the Holidays!!, Any CRs out there? Today is your big day. Black Bean soup is on the menu!!, null, Looking for the perfect holiday gift?! How bout a Johnny's Gift Card, a Johnny's Mug, or a sweet Johnny's Hoodie. Available now just get on in here!!!, null, null, null, Come celebrate Thanksgiving early tonite with a Hot Turkey Sandwich or Roast Turkey Plate. MMMmmm good! And Remember, Johnnys is closed tomorrow for the Holiday (11/24). We will reopen at our normal hours on Friday (11/25)! Enjoy Turkey Day !!!!, Get out of the rain and into Johnnys for a Waffle, Crunchy French Toast, or a delicious piece of Coffee Cake!!, Greek Salad with Grilled Chicken!! Yes please!!, Look for Johnnny's $6 for $10 Groupon Now! Deal starting after 3 pm today!!!, Our recently updated menu includes a delicious Falafel Plate and a much anticipated Hummus Wrap! Sides of thick-cut Sweet Potato Fries and delicious Onion Rings are always available! Come in today!, Lobster Rolls are back for the summer season at Johnny's! Stop in now to get one...and then stop in again, and again, and again, Whatever your Memorial Day plans are, start the day off with some Johnny's breakfast! Open all day Monday!, The Groupon experience has finished. Johnny's thanks all that purchased and used one between November 1, 2010 and May 1, 2011. We hope to see you all again very soon!, Johnny's Luncheonette is now offering FREE WI-FI to all it's patrons!, http://www.getmyperks.com/newengland, From Breakfast all day to the best Reuben you'll ever have, Stop by Johnny's this weekend, we've got some great specials:
French Toast Sampler, Triple Decker Turkey Club, and Spaghetti & Meatballs(homemade with tomato sauce!)

And don't forget the Beer & Wine!, null, We have some good specials this week...
Elsie's Famous Roast Beef Sandwich topped with Onion Rings and Russian Dressing
The Maine Line sports 2 blueberry flapjacks, eggs, bacon, sausage, and homefries
and Stuffed Cabbage with beef & rice in a tomato sauce with sauteed carrots

come in and enjoy!, Hey everybody come Pre-Game the Big Game at Johnny's we're open all day serving Beer, Wine, & Mimosas! And catch the Celtics v. Magic game if you sit at the counter!, Cold weather got you down? Stop on in to Johnny's for a piping hot grilled Reuben, voted the best in town by Boston Magazine!, Hey everyone, Johnny's will be on Groupon very soon, so check www.groupon.com to get your coup, Don't forget to check the front windows at Johnny's daily to see if your initials are posted. If they are, come on in for your favorite free meal!, Hey all, Let your friends know Johnny's has an Official Facebook page, let's put this little diner on the MAP, Come check out Johnny's Luncheonette in Newton Center a Best of Boston winner 4 of the last 6 years!)