List(null, We are so excited for 'Day of the Dead', the fantastic Grateful Dead tribute album curated by the National and featuring Kurt Vile, Lucius, Jim James, Mumford and Sons, Sharon Van Etten, Grizzly Bear, Arcade Fire and many many more. It's out on May 20th through 4AD records, and all profits will help fight for AIDS/ HIV and related health issues around the world through the Red Hot Organization! Check this out!, The newest from MAVIS STAPLES, 'LIVIN' ON A HIGH NOTE' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl today and it is incredible!, From Cornelius Brothers and Sister Rose's Greatest Hits, in stock now at Tres Gatos on gorgeous long playing vinyl!, Check this out! An LP record found at Malcolm X's house in Roxbury where the City of Boston Archaeology Program is currently excavating! Wonder what's on it., Spring is here! Need a perfect read for a warm day on the porch? Tres Gatos has you covered!, Who is coming to sing tonight?, song of the night, null, Got a song in your heart? Join us at Tres Gatos tomorrow and sing out, sing out! Write the Gato FB page to sign up!, Happy Easter, everybody!, null, Happy Almost Easter, everybody!, From our friends at Merge Records comes new albums from BOB MOULD(Husker Du) and ERIC BACHMANN(Crooked Fingers/Archers of Loaf) and we can't wait to spin 'em!, Tres Gatos wishes Deep Thoughts congratulations on their win at last night's Boston.com Boston Uncommon Awards for Best Record Store, and thank everyone who voted for us and made us the Fan Pick! We truly have the best customers in the world, and we owe all of our success to you!, RIP to Phife Dawg., NEW BOOKS AND RECORDS ABOUND AT TRES GATOS! Erik Larson's newest, Dead Wake, is finally out in paperback, as are great reads from Mona Awad, JoJo Moyes, Lisa Genova, Ian McEwan and more! On the vinyl front, we have the latest from LUCIUS, as well as classic wax from BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, Fela Kuti, Rodriguez, Fka Twigs, St Vincent and many more!, Onward and upward!, Tres Gatos is flattered that our humble little record shop is one of the five finalists for Boston.com's Boston Uncommon Awards. We are so grateful to be nominated, and we thank everyone who voted for us, and those who support us daily, monthly, yearly. We have the best regulars in the world!, The list is online and the orders are in! What are you most excited about? David Bowie? Regina Spektor? Johnny Cash? Daft Punk? Alt J? Foals? Metallica? Iggy and the Stooges? Run the Jewels? Notorious BIG? John Coltrane? Or one of the other three hundred and fifty releases for this, the biggest RSD ever? Record Store Day is on the way!, today!, song of the night, TOMORROW!, 'Heaven Adores You' by Elliot Smith is at Tres Gatos on vinyl today!, null, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! 

Need a good read? We've got you covered. 

Stop in tonight!, Check out our little sister Centre Street Cafe JP's next regional wine dinner featuring the cuisine of Alto Adige. Limited seats still available for the 7PM seating next Tuesday, March 22nd. Call Centre Street Cafe at 617-524-9217 to reserve., Tonight's the night, folks. Stop into Gatos for some incredible rock and roll, some epic tacos, and to support Jamaica Plain Porchfest! We will see you there!, Porchfest fundraiser is tonight, featuring Riding Shotgun and Rick Berlin. Music starts at 6pm, and Casa Verde chef Sean Callahan will be slingin' tacos all night!, song of the day, TOMORROW! Come out in support of a fantastic poetry journal and hear some incredible readings!, Chilaquiles are on the menu this weekend! Come in and treat yourself to a Bloody Maria!, RIP Keith Emerson, The new Jeff Buckley compilation of never before released recordings is out, Tres Gatos has it on vinyl, and it is pretty incredible. The word that keeps coming up in reviews is hypnotic, and that definitely applies. Come and experience it for yourself., Why is next Tues at Tres Gatos such a big night? 1. Porchfest fundraiser! (we donate 15% of sales) 2. Gatos GM Bailey Lyon celebrates her last official night before heading to Casa Verde! 3. Speaking of tacos, this is probably the last #TacoTuesday at the Gatos, so give Chef Callahan a hug. Gonna be a HUGE party, hope to see ya there!, Let your inner Ducky out., The Gatos say RIP to George Martin, and we will be playing all our favorite Beatles cuts tonight! He's an all time great, and he will be missed., NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS! Need a great book to read on the porch tonight during this unseasonably warm weather? We've got you covered!, 70 plus degrees? Yes please., We're gearing up for another busy patio season & looking to bring in fresh faces to join our front & back of house teams! The sun is out, temperatures are on the rise, & the Catio is laying in wait.  Interested in joining the family? Send us an e-mail, we’d love to meet you! 

Los Gatos

yuri@tresgatosjp.com, Happy International Women's Day from Tres Gatos!, A week from tonight, join us at Tres Gatos for the JP Porchfest fundraiser, featuring Gyovanni, Rick Berlin and the Nickle and Dime Band and Riding Shotgun! Fifteen percent of all sales go to JP Porchfest, and donations are welcome! We hope you'll join us!, As an exciting new chapter of gato Bailey's life begins, it's time to part ways for a while to help open Casa Verde down the street.  Please come by next taco Tuesday (3/15) for a celebration party!, null, The Clippertones rocked Tres Gatos this afternoon!, song of the afternoon, The new Santigold album, 99 Cents, is in stock and on sale at Tres Gatos today!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! Find the perfect read for a cold winter's night!, null, The newest from M WARD, "More Rain", is on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos today! Thanks to our friends at Merge Records!, Taco Tuesday tonight at Tres Gatos...come by for a good time and great food!, The next generation digs vinyl., David Bowie 'Blackstar' is back at Tres Gatos on vinyl, and is one of the most memorable and striking records of his long and prestigious career. Get it while supplies last!, We got a great variety of turntables in today--if you've been considering a record player, you can now have your pick of the lot!

(The selection includes some turntables we've never carried before, like the Portable Bound and the C200, which has Bluetooth capabilities!), Need a new book for a rainy night? Tres Gatos has you covered! Some of the amazing new arrival books at 3Cats tonight!, Want some poetry with your dinner? Tonight is the night! Poetry to order by GennaRise Nethercott at Tres Gatos tonight!, Tres Gatos has all the Bowie! Need your fix of the late great Ziggy Stardust? We have you covered, with some fantastic vinyl that celebrates this unique and tremendous talent. Pop in for your favorite album today!, null, Wanna sing tomorrow night? There are still a few slots open and we are looking for performers! Come and play your favorite love song!, We'll have two Truman Capotes and an Anne Sexton, please., Music of the cosmos!, TOMORROW!, Local heroes LAKE STREET DIVE have a new album out today, and Tres Gatos has it on CD and vinyl! Pop in for a listen!, The Gatos say goodbye and farewell to Harper Lee, a woman who wrote what is arguably the Best American Novel of the 20th Century and who impacted the lives of basically everyone reading this post. In the words of her indelible creation Atticus Finch “I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It’s when you know you’re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.” Goodbye and good luck., Come by tonight to peruse our awesome new vinyl arrivals! Includes: Cat Power, The National, Pixies, LNZNDRF, Yo La Tengo, Kurt Vile, and more!, Thank you to everyone who came to our Fifth Anniversary Party last night! We had a blast, and hope you did too. Now...excuse us while we pass out., null, It's Party Time, JP!, Don't forget tonight is th Gatos 5 year birthday party!  Come by between 6-10PM for complimentary food and good times!  See you there!
xoxo Gatos, It's hard to believe it's been 5 rockin' years, but here we all are, and we want to thank you! Tomorrow, we will feature complimentary food, a cash bar, ten percent off everything in our book and record shop, and a party for YOU, our incredible supporters, who have made this an incredible five years. We will see you there!, Tonight, enjoy some hot jazz from Isabel Stover and her intrepid trio!, Happy Valentine's Day, SONG OF THE DAY, Need to find the perfect gift for your bookworm sweetheart? Or just looking for a good read for an icy cold weekend? Tres Gatos is open tonight and all day Valentine's Day, and we are serving up books you'll fall in love with!, Valentine's Day is tomorrow, and in addition to our Prix Fixe dinner, we are also open for brunch, featuring sweet potato pancakes just as sweet as your sweetheart and a mimosa bar to match! We'll see you there, hearts on our sleeves., song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring great wax from AMY WINEHOUSE, SANTIGOLD, MUDDY WATERS, RAY CHARLES, Howlin Wolf, Led Zeppelin, Savages, Lou Reed, Wet and many many more! Stop in for the perfect winter record today!, Thanks to Camille Carr-Harris and The Culture Trip for including Tres Gatos in this Top 10 JP list! We love this neighborhood, and look forward to being part of its cultural and culinary life for many years to come!, A week from tonight!, null, Feel the love, people!, TONIGHT AT 8PM it's BEES DELUXE! no cover. come enjoy some great live music and warm up!, song of the night, A week from tonight, visit Tres Gatos for Valentine's Day, featuring a romantic four course Prix Fixe menu from Chef Stephen Marcaurelle. Make your reservation now!, In honor of the big game tonight, everything in the Tres Gatos Book and Record Store is 10 percent off! Got a vinyl or hardcover book you've been eyeing? Pop in during halftime-or anytime, really-and grab it! The shop will be open normal hours tonight, and we hope to see you there!, null, song of the night, NEW ALBUMS at Tres Gatos for your snowy weekend include: the newest from LUCINDA WILLIAMS, a brand new EP from LEON BRIDGES, 'This Record Belongs To..' from Third Man Records and Light in the Attic, and Quentin Tarantino's DEATH PROOF soundtrack, among many many more. Stop in for the perfect blizzard jams., NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring FELA KUTI, The Rolling Stones, Leon Bridges, Shakey Graves, Future Islands, Francoise Hardy, NWA, Lianne La Havas, Nathaniel Rateliff and dozens more!, It's Taco Tuesday! Stop in for a test menu from Chef Sean Callahan and sample some of the tastes of the upcoming Casa Verde!, Thanks to Matt Martinelli and the Improper for sharing the news about our sister restaurant, Casa Verde, due to open later this month (and thanks to Holly for the great photo). Swing by the Gatos tonight if you'd like to sample some of Chef Sean Callahan's delicious food., song of the night, Sneak peek! Join us on Valentine's Day for a special line up of #cocktails & a 4 course pre-fixe menu! Reserve your table today! Espolon Blanco Tequila, Godiva Original, Napoleon Mandarin, Grapefruit #vday #booze, We still have spots available on Valentines Day!  Come in with your special someone for an amazing tasting menu prepared specially by Executive Chef Stephen Marcaurelle! 

Book your reservation today here:
http://www.tresgatosjp.com/events/2016/1/22/2ownnwx54f856bx1x8oe2cc2oix85v, Our sister restaurant, Casa Verde, is going to open next month in JP, serving up tacos, tamales, ceviche, tortas, and a great selection of twenty draft beers! Please like their FB page for all of the latest news: www.facebook.com/CasaVerdeJP. Gracias!, null, Love will be in the air this Valentine's Day and we hope you will join us at JP's premier date spot, Tres Gatos, when we will offer a special prix fixe menu and cocktails!, null, It's the weekend!, Local poet GennaRose Nethercott will be creating & performing poems to order tonight at Tres Gatos! Stop by for some tasty tapas, a bottle of wine, & some local spoken word! Tonight starting at 6:00PM!, Anyone want a poem created for them tonight?  Sign me up!  Tonight GennaRose will be hanging with the gatos creating poems to order.  See you there!, Join us tonight for tapas, wine, & poems to order by local artist GennaRose Nethercott! #poetry #eatlocal #jp, Taco Tuesday returns, with a test menu from Chef Sean Callahan, and a little taste of what will be available at Casa Verde, opening soon!, Tonight! We still have a few slots open, and you can not only sing Neil Young, but also Bowie, Eagles or Motorhead! Apply within, and see you tonight! AND IT'S TACO TUESDAY!, null, null, song of the day, Two big releases this weekend, coming from EL VY, the new merger of the National and Ramona Falls and as dancable and infectiously catchy as indie pop gets, and the newest from SAVAGES, one of the most intriguing and unique bands out there today! Stop in and grab the perfect album for your snowy day!, Thanks to Kara Baskin and the Globe for sharing the story about our three cats. Right now, they're wondering where the massive East coast snowstorm is. Have a great weekend!, Happy Birthday Sam Cooke!, We have even more new vinyl in tonight! Get your fill of Johnny Cash, Cibo Matto, The Velvet Underground, Devo, and more!, Need a good book for the upcoming Stormpocalypse? Tres Gatos has you covered, with great reads from COLM TOIBIN, CELESTE NG(our next book club book, meeting Feb 21st!), Neil Gaiman, Susanna Clark and many more! Or, are you going to be hunkered down near the turntable? We've got new albums in stock from NEIL YOUNG, DAVID BOWIE, Dr. Dre, Gram Parsons, Tribe Called Quest and dozens of others! So stop in and prepare for the weekend with us!, A LITTLE LIFE by HANYA YANAGIHARA is finally out in paperback as of today!, Happy Birthday Dolly Parton!, Check out our sister restaurant's (Centre Street Cafe JP) upcoming wine dinner on Tuesday, January 26th! They start at 7PM, seats still available. Call (617) 524-9217 for reservations., null, song of the day, Susanne and Martin storm the Gatos stage tonight for some fantastic bluegrass and honky tonk music! We hope you'll stop in for some hot tunes on a cold night. Also, it's Susanne's birthday, but you didn't hear that from us. Tonight at 8pm!, TOMORROW!, song of the day, Our fifth anniversary is coming up. Who wants to make us this cake?, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos finds classics from JODOROSWKY, FUNKADELIC, IGGY POP, BAD BRAINS, Miles Davis, Arthur Russell, Spiritualized and many more!, Need a good read for these cold days? We just got a big book order in, featuring MICHAEL LEWIS, LILY KING, ELEANOR CATTON, HILTON ALS, Raymond Carver, Julian Barnes, Flannery O'Connor, Anthony Marra and many many more!, Taco Tuesday!! It's your chance to sample menu items from Casa Verde's head chef Sean Callahan, and let us know what you think! Enjoy a snowy stroll and get some tacos tonight!, song of the day, He was a DJ/he was what he played., David Bowie transcended music, art, fashion and film to become one of the pillars of pop culture for over 40 years. Uncompromising, constantly reinventing, marching to the beat of his own drum, Bowie changed the game. There will never be another.  We will be playing nonstop Bowie tonight at Tres Gatos, and a record store is a place where, in times such as these, people gather to share stories, memories and music. If you need a place to go and talk tonight, we will be here., Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for sharing the backstory to Tres Gatos's name. We've made up a lot of answers, and most of them are at least partly true, but this is completely true.

https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/secrets-of-10-boston-restaurant-names#9, This is in less than an hour--don't let the weather keep you away from great food, drinks, and music!, We got a great haul of used vinyl in today from KRAFTWERK, GEORGE HARRISON(and more), LEONARD COHEN, BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, Ravi Shankar, Professor Longhair, The Pretenders and many many more! Stop in and check them out!, song of the day, It's Friday night. 
Come in and grab the corner seat at the bar at Tres Gatos
Order the Crema Catalana (Spanish inspired Creme Brule) that Stephen Marcaurelle infused with Bay Leaf, Mexican Cinnamon, vanilla bean, lemon and orange. Topped with fresh medjool dates and crackling sunflower croquant. 
Must have a glass of Contrabandista and a moment of silence.
You deserve it., Happy Birthday to David Bowie and Elvis Presley!, TONIGHT: Jazz! Art! Tapas!, It's 1st Thursday again! Meet and greet with artist Kacey Bongarzone tonight (her paintings are truly eye-catching), with fabulous jazz provided by the Dennison Blackett trio. Happy January!, Need a perfect read for a cold, cold night? Tres Gatos has you covered. We got a huge order of new books in today, and whatever your taste, we have the perfect thing for your January night by the fireplace/space heater. Stop in tonight!, What are you looking forward to most?, It's Taco Tuesday at Tres Gatos! Tonight Casa Verde executive chef Sean Callahan is offering a sneak peak at some of the fantastic tacos you can expect from Gatos sister restaurant, Casa Verde, opening soon. Stop in for a cold weather taco tonight, and if you ask nicely, we might stop playing this song., Tres Gatos is closed for our staff holiday party tonight, but we will be back with regular hours tomorrow night! We hope to see you then! Now it's time to party!, Belated RIP Natalie Cole, Happy New Year from all of us at Tres Gatos! We are so grateful for all of you, the best regulars and supporters in the world, in the best little neighborhood in Boston. We thank you for your continued support and enthusiasm and promise that this year, we have even more fantastic events, incredible menu items and awesome books and records in store. 2016 will be the best year ever, and we can't do it without you! Thank you all!, Start your new year off with the right music! Here's some vinyl we just brought into the store to get you started:, Sneak peek of tomorrow's #NYE pre-fixe menu: lacquered duck breast with salsify, baby carrots, & brown butter crumb! Book your table today! #food #foodporn #cheflife, Need a perfect New Year's Read? Tres Gatos has got you covered. Now that it actually feels like winter, it's the perfect time to curl up with a good book. Stop in and find one that's your style and taste!, null, song of the day, Come Celebrate New Years Eve with the Gatos!  We are featuring a 5-course tasting menu, as well as a champagne toast at midnight!  Check out this link and call us at 617-477-4851 for more information or to make a reservation!  Cheers!
 
http://www.tresgatosjp.com/events/2015/12/31/nye-2015, RIP Lemmy., TONIGHT TONIGHT!!, null, Thank you to everyone who chose to do their holiday shopping at Tres Gatos this year. You're support and enthusiasm for our little book and record store is overwhelming, and we hope we earned it by providing great customer service and finding the perfect items for the music and literary fans on your list! We hope everyone had a great holiday, and now we turn our eyes to 2016. Thank you for shopping locally!, null, The book and record store is open from 10am to 6pm tonight for all your last minute shopping needs, and the bar is open 2pm to 6pm if you need one last cocktail before the holiday kicks off! Seasons greetings everyone!, DON'T DO IT, MARY!, song of the day, One last large order of books came in today, if you're looking for a good stocking stuffer for the bookworm on your list. We are open regular hours tonight, and the store is open 10am to 6pm tomorrow(bar 2pm to 6pm); we hope to help you find the perfect gift!, Need to do some last minute holiday shopping for the vinyl hound on your list? We got an order in today that included JONI MITCHELL, DEATH CAB FOR CUTIE, ALLEN TOUSSAINT, SUFJAN STEVENS, Muddy Waters, Etta James, Caribou and many many more! Stop in and give them a spin!, WE HAVE A SLOT OR TWO OPEN! come out and sing!, song of the day, There are a few slots open for JP Sings tomorrow; if you want to sign up for a song, write Gatos now or stop into the bookstore!, Book and record lovers, we have some great stuff for the special (discriminating) people on your list! Our bar is open all day, and we promise you will experience NO STRESS during your visit. Happy Holidays from los Tres Gatos!, It's definitely crunch time as far as holiday shopping is concerned, but we've got you covered. Come check out some books and records while you have a drink--take the stress out of shopping! We've got a box set for everyone on your list: Miles Davis, American Folk, The Replacements, Bob Dylan, and one last copy of The Magnetic Fields' 69 Love Songs., song of the day, From NICK DRAKE to BETTY DAVIS, NINA SIMONE to DJ SHADOW, Egyptian Lover to Leon Bridges, Patti Smith to the Pixies, whatever your holiday vinyl list demands, we have it at Tres Gatos!, The Force is Strong with This Vinyl., song of the day, Ho-ho-holy moly what a good album!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS! Find the perfect read for the bookworm on your holiday list!, null, song of the day, Answer = AWESOME :), ..and to the cats, too., Need help finding the perfect holiday gift? We can help!!

Especially if that gift is the Urban Cowboy soundtrack!, song of the day, RYAN ADAMS '1989', his incredible Taylor Swift cover album, and GRIMES ART ANGLES are both out on vinyl today and at Tres Gatos, as are classic albums from The Rolling Stones, Grateful Dead, Led Zeppelin, David Bowie, Chet Baker, Grant Green and many many more! Need a record for the vinyl fiend on your holiday list? Stop in tonight!, Thanks to Chris Lovett and BNN News for inviting Keith Harmon and me to explain the reasoning and numbers behind the recent change in our business model. Also, thanks to all of our fantastic guests for your understanding and support!, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos features the newest cocktail guide from DEAD RABBIT NYC, BIG MAGIC BY ELIZABETH GILBERT, PALE KING BY DAVID FOSTER WALLACE, and great reads from Ta-Nehi Coates, Anthony Doerr, Thomas Pynchon, James Baldwin and many many more!, null, null, null, From our friends at Merge Records, here comes the 10th anniversary deluxe edition of GIMME FICTION by SPOON, as well as the classic SHE AND HIM CHRISTMAS ALBUM, on both vinyl and CD at Gatos!, song of the day, Proud to add the Del Maguey #Iberico to our #greenwall! #booze, Our weekly Monday night live music series continues tonight with Cold Chocolate, one of our favorite local bands. These guys play a great mix of roots and bluegrass, with a dash of funk. Music starts at 8pm; thanks for supporting your local musicians and venues!, song of the day, Ginny's bar whim: eggnog, bulleit rye, rum, egg white.  Soooo yummy, In less then an hour!, song of the day, RIP to the late, great Scott Weiland., Our latest record shipment is in, and it includes a bunch of must-haves for your vinyl collection!, Don't forget to come by for art and jazz tonight! Good drinks, good art, good food, good music, good people--what more could you ask for on a Thursday night?, song of the day, Come out for amazing art from Janine Shereos and fantastic jazz from Dennison Blackett tonight at 8pm!, We have great books in stock from HARUKI MURAKAMI, RANSOM RIGGS, ERIK LARSON, Ray Bradbury, Rainbow Rowell, Paula Hawkins and many many more!, Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for featuring chef Stephen Marcaurelle in this line-up of chef swaps. The Tres Gatos team is extremely proud of him, and feel that his dishes are bringing our menu to a new level (that includes brunch!) His dishes are streamlined, elegant, and unerringly delicious. When he puts a spoon in front of me, I never say no, and that's saying something. If you haven't been here in a while, we urge you to give his menu a try. Gracias! DD, Gracias to Eater Boston and Dana Hatic for sharing our important news. The Tres Gatos and Centre Street Cafe JP teams are both proud to take this step toward operating more equitable, sustainable restaurants, while supporting local farms and small vendors and remaining true to our identity as neighborhood restaurants whose mission is to add to the quality of life in JP., A big thank you to Jacqueline Cain and Boston Magazine for sharing our important news. Starting today, all of our guests at Tres Gatos, as well as at Centre Street Cafe JP, our sister restaurant, will see a hospitality administrative fee on their bill. This will go directly to our kitchen crews, in the form of higher wages and more sustainable hours. This issue is near and dear to us, as high quality, sustainable restaurants can't exist without quality chefs and cooks. This is our best shot at taking care of our entire team, without sacrificing the integrity of our menu, or our mission as a neighborhood restaurant, and we thank you in advance for your support. For more details, please read our letter in its entirety in the story below, or on the back of our menu. We look forward to answering any of your questions. As always, much love and gratitude to our regulars for your support. You are the reason we do what we do., null, Join us tomorrow for our monthly fundraiser tomorrow from 5:30-close!  This month we're donating to Self Esteem Boston #selfesteemboston #tresgatos #jp #localjp, TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!, Not the worst thing in the world...., Today, #shopsmall at Tres Gatos!, Thanks to all of our amazing regulars who visited us on Black Friday, we had a great time sharing coffee, cookies and music with you! We still have lots of great records left, thanks for Shopping Small today and supporting your local indie shops! We love ya!, Our Black Friday sale continues long into the night! Stop in to do a little early holiday shopping and grab a cocktail while you're at it!, Man in Black: Kraken Black Spiced Rum, Averna Amaro, Casa Mariol Vermut Negre #booze #rsdbf, TODAY is our 5th annual Black Friday Sale! From rare and limited vinyl to books, CD's, cassettes, turntables and more, it is going to be the shopping event of the year!, Less than 24 hours to go before our Black Friday Record Store Day Sale! Rare vinyl, custom pastries, limited release t-shirts, & this featured cocktail! Doors open at 10 am #rsdbf #blackfriday #booze, Happy Thanksgiving from Tres Gatos!

See you bright and early on Friday for the sale of the century!, #Onthebar tonight: red wine, bourbon, allspice dram, amontillado, apple #booze, null, In honor of JP Sings Boston...., Jp sings: Boston tonight starting at 8pm!, THIS IS TONIGHT!!!!!!, Just some of the 100's of special releases @tresgatosjp this Friday at 10:00am #rsdbf....stay tuned for more to come, Go Adele Go!, It's coming! This Friday!, Beaujolais lovers, tonight our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe JP, celebrates French culture and cuisine by pouring different Beaujolais crus, which Chef Brian Rae will pair with one-night-only specials. Thanks to Streetcar Wines and Carolina Wines for their help. Proceeds to benefit Médecins Sans Frontières. Vive la France!, Black Friday is less then a week away. There will be free cookies and coffee, there will be a special cocktail, and there will be all of the official Record Store Day Black Friday releases you can possibly spin. Got a vinyl hound on your holiday list? Between the special releases and sales across the store, this is THE day to come out and get some pesky shopping done, all the while supporting a local business and enjoying great snacks! See you then!, Will the real Adele please stand up?, Gonna be a busy week, but be sure not to miss JP Sings: Boston Bands this Tuesday, 8pm. Bring your best Pixies, Breeders, Cars, 'Til Tuesday, Aerosmith, Lemonheads, Bosstones, Belly, Mission of Burma, Buffalo Tom...and yeah, Boston. Sing it loud, JP!, http://www.noiseaddicts.com/2014/03/reasons-to-buy-a-turntable/

We'll just leave this here for those of you who are on the fence., Tres gatos represent @eventbriteboston local craft festival! @ginnnnberry  @bailss2003, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos means FELA KUTI, THE DRIFTERS, PHIL SPECTRE GIRL GROUPS, BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB, The Clash, The Arctic Monkeys, MIles Davis and many many more! Stop in and check them out!, The long anticipated new #Adele record, featuring the hit single #Hello! Pick yours up today. #vinyl, In the mood to read the musings of brilliant women? Gatos has got you covered! Come in to peruse our new book shipment, which includes these three as well as some Jess Walter, Maria Semple, and Jhumpa Lahiri., Want to hang out in our store with a drink before or after your meal? We added a couple of tables to make it the perfect place to enjoy a drink while you browse our curated book & record collection., Thanks to Raul Zelaya and the Globe for checking out some of our new cocktails. For lovers of wine, beer, and cocktails, we just added a couple of small tables in the book & record shop to make it more comfortable to hang out there. We hope to see you soon, drink in hand. We have some great books & records to share with you!, Store got a makeover! #localjp #records #reading, New to the menu tonight: Roasted Cauliflower Soup with za'atar, crispy chickpeas and red watercress.  Warms you right up!, Adele '25' hits Tres Gatos on Friday. Are you ready?, New to the menu, Stephen's Nantucket Bay Scallops with burnt butter, seared kohlrabi & lime relish.  So great!, The Gatos are really proud of Brian Rae, the chef at our sister restaurant Centre Street Cafe, who will be representing the Cafe at Boston Magazine's Taste event tonight, serving up sausage rigatoni. Pictured below, his bucatini with meatballs. If you ever happen to be in a room where he's serving pasta, we recommend that you eat it!, Tonight at Tres Gatos!, Arc de Triomphe: Dolin Dry Vermouth, Maraschino, Raspberry #booze, What we are spinning at Tres Gatos currently...., Don't forget that Black Friday is coming up, and it's Record Store Day's little sister! Tres Gatos will be there for all your Christmas vinyl needs, whether you're buying gifts or just taking advantage of all the awesome new releases for yourself. Start checking out the list now! http://www.recordstoreday.com/SpecialReleases, Need a new record for a cold night? We got an order in today, featuring but not limited to The White Stripes, Velvet Underground, New Pornographers, Lou Reed, Taylor Swift, Grimes, Lorde and many many more! Find the perfect cold November night album at Tres Gatos tonight!, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/2027/the-art-of-fiction-no-130-italo-calvino

If you're in need of a good rainy night read, look no further! Gatos just stocked up on Italo Calvino, including a store favorite, "If on a Winter's Night a Traveler.", Feeling #green: Chartreuse, Vodka, Ginger, Basil, Lime, Mint #booze, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring these and many more great reads for this chilly November night!, Tres Gatos salutes and celebrates our troops and anybody who has ever served in the armed forces of this country this Veteran's Day. Your sacrifice is incredible, and we all owe you a debt. Thank you for your service., Tres Gatos says RIP to New Orleans legend Allen Toussant, responsible for some of the coolest music of all time, from The Meters to Dr. John to his own colossal 'Southern Nights' album. He will be greatly missed., We are loving the Sopranos Soundtrack on vinyl, available at Gatos now, and this track in particular!, Tres Gatos has great red-hot gypsy jazz from Manouche Urbain tonight at 8pm! Bring your dancin' shoes!, We had so much fun at the Oliver Best Vinyl Fest in Allston today we just had to post this!, The Gatos are all set up at the Oliver Best Vinyl Fest! Join us and other local record stores for an awesome day of music and vintage memorabilia! #tresgatos #jamaicaplain #allston #boston #vintage #vinyl #records #local, One of the last patio days of the year!  Enjoy while we still can @tresgatosjp, NEW RECORDS THIS WEEK include the new This Record Belongs To...compilation from Light in the Attic, Buena Vista Social Club, Josh Ritter, Nico, Nina Simone, P-Funk, DJ Shadow, John Fahey, and many many more!, Congrats to our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe JP, for getting inluded on Zagat's 10 Best Boston Burgers list! The Cafe team obviously takes its pasta seriously, but that Maine Grind burger with pancetta for lunch is no slouch! Gatos, if you're looking for a great JP lunch place, we hope you'll give that little Cafe a try., @ricaninboston took this photo of our beautiful Lopez wine flight we are featuring tonight @tresgatosjp, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!, Brian Rae, our executive chef down the street @centrestreetcafejp is up for best chef in Boston!  Go online and show your support by voting! http://boston.eater.com/2015/11/3/9655298/boston-chef-vote-eater-awards, The Tres Gatos team is really proud of Brian Rae, the chef at our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe JP: he just got nominated for Boston's Chef of the Year award by Eater Boston! Please vote for him using the link below, reader poll is only open for 24 hours so vote soon! Let's bring this coveted award home to JP!, Winter is coming, & so are new cocktails! Here's a sneak peak of some new drinks hitting the menu this week! #booze, null, null, Whatever your plans are tonight, we hope you'll swing by Centre Street Cafe JP to raise a toast. It's our little sister's 1 year birthday, and the Gatos couldn't be prouder. Enjoy a free glass of Lambrusco for joining the party., Thanks to Kim Prosise and Thrillist for picking Tres Gatos as best JP brunch in this list of great neighborhood brunch spots. We're honored! Our little sister, Centre Street Cafe, serves a pretty great brunch as well., HAPPY HALLOWEEN!, Our little sister up the street, Centre Street Cafe JP, turns one on Monday. Join their party with a free glass of Lambrusco, and if you go with a friend, you can each order a pasta and share an app and dessert for $25 each. Let's bring the party to 'em!, The restaurant is closed for a private party from 1pm to 5pm today(please check out our sister restaurant Centre Street Cafe JP or our friends at Canary Square or The Haven JP for delicious eats) but the store will be open throughout for last minute Halloween party soundtrack needs. Have a great and safe Halloween everybody!, Happy Early Halloween from Tres Gatos!, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos means great wax from KENDRICK LAMAR, the soundtracks to BACK TO THE FUTURE AND THE SOPRANOS, plus classics from MARVIN GAYE, Sam Cooke, Courtney Barnett, TLC and many many more!, Tres gatos represent at Sam Adams! #jpndc #localjp #tresgatos #selfie, Need a perfect rainy night read? We've got it at Tres Gatos!, null, The Tres Gatos team is really excited to be a part of this fiesta! Looking forward to serving up some Hoppy Red Deviled Eggs!, Happy Halloween!  Jp sings: Halloween tonight at 8pm!  Featured cocktail: The Witch's Boo (Transylvanian vodka, Ghostly gin, Grapefruit and cherry blood!), JP Sings is tonight! Grab your friends and come out for the coolest open mic in town, starring you!, Thanks to Christopher Hughes and Boston Magazine for including Centre Street Cafe JP, our baby sister down the street, on this list of Best New Restaurants. The Gatos are really proud of you guys, keep up the good work!, Come out for a ghoulish good time tomorrow night! 
Wanna sing? Sign up now by writing the Tres Gatos FB page!, Tonight's bar whim is brought to you by Jamie. We call it the Ginger Rodgers! A vodka based cocktail with lime, elder flower and topped off with ginger beer. It has a ginger and lime garnish and will get you dancing around the floors. Stop on by tonight for a taste! #cocktail #barwhim #tresgatos #tresgatosjp #lime #ginger #localjp #best #drinktime #dancearound, We are loving the new Wilco album at Tres Gatos!!!, This Etta James compilation album is a staple for any vinyl collection--come check it out in the store, along with more blues and jazz classics!, SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!, We are now taking pre-orders for the new Adele, out on November 20th on CD and vinyl!, NEW RECORD DAY means great wax from NATHANIEL RATELIFF, PATTI SMITH, THE ARCS, TOM WAITS, Al Green, No Doubt, NWA, Foals, Beach Boys and many many more!, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos means great reads from JOJO MOYES, ANITA DIAMANT, JJ ABRAMS plus horror classics from Bram Stroker, Mary Shelley, HP Lovecraft and more! Stop in for the perfect October read today!, Gracias to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for highlighting JP in this list of great Boston food neighborhoods, and for mentioning Tres Gatos, and our little sister, Centre Street Cafe. And yes, coming soon, Casa Verde (tacos, a whole lot of draft beer, and more)!, We are loving the new Deerhunter album!, Sal Collins: seagram's gin, lavender falernum, blackberry, lemon #booze, Congrats to chef Brian Rae and the entire Cafe team for getting included on this short list of must-try pasta dishes. That bucatini is to die for. We're proud of you, lil' sis!, New fall sangria: pear apple cider, mezcal, white wine., Live music Tonight at Tres Gatos! Some gorgeous Americana music and bluegrass and a Caramel Apple Sangria will help you shake off the autumn chill, and we'll see you there!, Paris Island: garden botanical vodka, Campari, Aperol, grapefruit, pomegranate #booze, Join us tomorrow for spooky stories from some of the best young writers out there! Wine will be sipped, spines will be tingled, and the spirit of Halloween shall be embraced!, The third annual Cassette Store Day is today, and Tres Gatos is featuring special releases all day, joining countless stores in 5 countries in a celebration of the cassette!
 #cassettetapeday, Today is CASSETTE STORE DAY! Drop by for all the special releases and more!, NEW VINYL DAY means great new wax from BEACH HOUSE, DEERHUNTER, SHAKEY GRAVES, and more, plus classics from THE WHITE STRIPES, Al Green, Black Keys, The Animals and many many more!, New addition on the menu tonight: Deviled Eggs with boquerones, charred lemon & togarashi., Favorites in the store right now include The Head and the Heart's self-titled album: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iSQGWpy0qY, Bar whim: Adam & Eve (pear, vodka, apple, Boston Bittas, ginger beer).  Such a fall treat!, Some Gatos-approved perfect pairings for you: We just got in Boston Noir, a collection of chilling stories edited by Denis Lehane--just in time for TG employee Anna Buckley's new Boston Magazine article, "Popular Books Set in Familiar Boston Locations" http://www.bostonmagazine.com/arts-entertainment/blog/2015/10/13/popular-books-boston/

Come in to pick Boston Noir up, or to check out some other awesome locally inspired books and music!, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos means great new reads from OWEN SHEERS, M.L. STEDMAN, KAREN FOWLER, Amir Levine, Charles Portis, Mary Roach, Peter Guralnick, Raymond Chandler and many many more!, Thanks to Graziano Scaldaferri and The Culture Trip for including Tres Gatos on this short list of great Boston brunches. We're honored to be placed among such great company., NEW ON VINYL AT TRES GATOS: Wilco Star Wars and Lana Del Rey Honeymoon! Check them out!, We are still looking for more performers for our Halloween bash/costume contest/open mic night! Inquire within!, We are jammin' to the latest Beirut record all night tonight....., Pimm's, Cherry Heering, Glendalough Double Barrel, white peach, rosemary #booze, Song of the day:, null, We have a bunch of new vinyl in for you today, from the Beach Boys to Tobias Jesso Jr., from Nina Simone to Mac Demarco.  Come spend your Saturday with us and pick up some sweet wax to spin later!, Gatos represent at James Beard industry night!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring BILL CLEGG, MARGARET ATWOOD, GEORGE SAUNDERS, PATTI SMITH, Steve Toltz, Ann Patchett, Erin Morgenstern, Nathaniel Philbrick, and many many more! Stop in for the perfect read for your Autumn night!, El Ontoño: xicaru mezcal, cazadores añejo tequila, jalapeño, apple cider, mint #booze, Pink drink on special tonight for breast cancer awareness! #boobies #drinkforboobs #savetheboobies #saynotocancersayyestoboobs, The much anticipated follow up to the National Book Award winning "Just Kids," Patti Smith's "M Train" is on sale today., Please join us tonight to celebrate and support Bakes for Breast Cancer, a nonprofit dedicated to finding a cure for cancer. We're donating 10% of all restaurant and store sales. And yes, our patio is still open! Enjoy this Indian summer weather while it lasts., Surprise new vinyl day at Tres Gatos features great wax from MAJOR LAZER, BATTLES, MAZZY STAR, SONIC YOUTH, Arcade Fire, Wu Tang Clan, Queen and many many more!, null, Come by Tres Gatos at 3:00 today to see Nosy Mangabe! You can listen to them here: https://nosymangabe.bandcamp.com/ Have some drinks, eat some tapas, browse some books, and listen to great music!, Banned Books Week may technically be over, but the Gatos are always here to indulge your rebellious side., Chef Stephen's newest addition to the menu: Turkish Pork Dumplings (tabbouleh, sumac, guajillo chili)...warms the soul!, Patio season is almost over! Come enjoy while we still can!  WINTERSCOMING...., song of the day, null, A little obvious, but we had to...., The Gatos hope you'll join us for this awesome spooky story event later in the month. Guaranteed to get you in the mood for Halloween! Thanks for spreading the word., Thanks to Sarah Hagman and Improper Bostonian for featuring our Love & Rockets cocktail in "Drink of the Moment." Yes, these Gatos love our mezcal and tequila! We hope you'll swing by and give our cocktails a try., It looks like we might have some rainy days ahead, and we think it's a the perfect time to pick up a book or two to help you ride out Joaquin. Whatever your ideal curled up in a ball listening to rain on the windowsill book is, Tres Gatos has it., null, New turntables at Tres Gatos today!, In celebration for JP Sings Sub Pop: our bar whim...Seattleite (gin, espolon blanco, habanero, pomegranate, lemon).  Come by for some fun, love music tonight starting at 8pm!, Seattle represent!!! Jp sings sub pop tomorrow @tresgatosjp beginning at 8pm!, My inner beer nerd is jumping for joy...rumors are true people...we have Lord Hobo's BOOMSAUCE IPA! @tresgatosjp, Did anyone go to Boston Calling this weekend? Tell us stories!, We pay tribute to one of the great indie labels tomorrow with JP Sings: SubPop! Yes, they produced some great grunge, and were an early home to Nirvana, but they've also released albums by Father John Misty, Sleater-Kinney, Postal Service, Jesus & Mary Chain, Iron & Wine, Fleet Foxes, and Beach House. Party starts at 8pm, local musicians, let's show #SubPop some love!, What's your favorite track off of Kurt Vile's new album? Don't have one yet? Need a copy? We've got you covered., So easy! So simple!, Now spinning in the Tres Gatos record shop....., Is it just me, or is it the perfect morning for a colossal Bloody Mary and some iconic Lou Reed?, La Verdad (del maguey mezcal, fernet, maraschino, lime) sounds good to me on this fall-ish eve!, New record release at tres gatos today from Kurt Vile!, It's new book day again at Tres Gatos! If you're in the market for brilliant page-turners, look no further. The store also got Station Eleven and House of Leaves back in stock, so we've got all your sci-fi, dystopian, and just-completely-bizarre needs covered., Tres Gatos record store manager Phil Wilcox will be DJing tomorrow night at Cuisine En Locale in Somerville, and all are welcome to come out and boogie!, We can't wait for the new Kurt Vile, out on Friday on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos from our friends at Matador Records!, null, @joshsaint and his bar whim of the night: "Hang Glider" (grapefruit,#Aperol,Appleton Estate rum and Gran Classico Bitter), The Gatos are obsessed with the new Ryan Adams cover album of Taylor Swift's 1989(still one of the best selling vinyl we have), and we cannot wait for Mr. Adams to put this out on vinyl and CD so we can add it to our collection(s)! Listen to this eerie and haunting take on Shake It Off., Come hear the kogaNinjazz Trio play today at 3:00 pm! kogaNinjazz is an eclectic music group put together by •koga:  a keyboardist, vocalist, saxophonist, mbira player, programmer, and tres guitarist. As a passionate believer in the medicinal effects of positive music, he creates audio textures that encourage meditation, rejuvenation, love, compassion, dancing or sitting, blood flow, and musements of all kinds., Tres Gatos' literary quote of the day is from Ernest Hemingway: “There is no friend as loyal as a book." P.S., speaking of Hemingway, we're freshly stocked on both A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls. We've got plenty of potential loyalty on our shelves, so stop by., NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos!!!! Bruce Springsteen, Zombies, Daptone Records, Phish, Marvin Gaye, Mariah Carey, Leon Bridges, Tame Impala, Dr Dre and many many more! Stop in for some great wax tonight!, Indian Summer: vodka, hibiscus, plum, green tea, lemon #booze, From where I'm sitting, I can already see three things that you definitely need in your record collection. And that's just what we could fit in the front row., The new album by these guys comes out on Friday, and we can't stop listening to their record from 2013. One of the best kept secrets in indie rock today. Check them out!, If you're lucky enough to have a ticket to the WGBH Chef's Gala opening party tonight, please visit Brian Rae, the chef of our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe. He'll be serving Porchetta with peach & pear mostarda and ricotta salata on crisp ciabatta. That's Italian for delicious!, It's New Book Day at Tres Gatos, with great titles ranging from Bryan Stevenson to Yasmina Khadra to Chimamanda Adichie and beyond! Hemingway, Murakami, Jess Walter, Gunter Grass, Larry McMurtry and dozens of others have all come to play! Stop in and grab the perfect read for these last beach days!, We are still taking sign ups for Sub Pop Night!, We want to go to Neil Fest next year!, Tres Gatos' own Anna Buckley wrote this! Her first piece in Boston Magazine, how cool!, null, null, USED VINYL AT TRES GATOS TODAY: Talking Heads, Rolling Stones, Gorillaz, Joanna Newsom, Elvis Presley, Pink Floyd, Modest Mouse, Tito Puente, Fleetwood Mac, John Coltrane and many many more!, We here at gatos love our mezcal!, Black Pearl sounds good on this blustery afternoon!  Kraken black spiced rum, combier pamplemousse, and lime., Join the Tres Gatos Book Club today at 3:30 PM to discuss Ruth Ozeki's "A Tale for the Time Being"!, Tres Gatos is proud to be a sponsor of the JP Music Fest, and we will see you all there!, NEW VINYL at Tres Gatos this week includes the latest from BEIRUT and LOW, as well as classics from PHISH, the MALLRATS Soundtrack, The Jam, Chet Baker, Adele, Amy Winehouse, Kurt Vile, Cat Power and dozens more! Grab the perfect album for this JP Music Fest weekend!, In order to celebrate tomorrow's JP music fest, Tres Gatos will be pouring fellow sponsor Sam Adam's Kosmic Mother Funk Grand Cru all night and day tomorrow!  Come by for a pint of deliciousness!, We are loving the new Beirut, out today on vinyl and CD!, Today, Pinebank Field is wet, grey and empty, adorned only by some porta potties. Tomorrow, the sun will be out, and that field will be packed with thousands of music fans listening to 20 great acts on 2 stages, from noon to 7pm! We hope you'll visit us at the Tres Gatos mothership for tapas and drinks at some point during the day (or night). This is one party you don't want to miss!, The best advice I can give you is to come in and pick up some of our new book arrivals--as if these three weren't enough, we also just got "Between the World and Me," Ta-Nehisi Coates' new work. The New York Observer calls Coates “the single best writer on the subject of race in the United States,” and Toni Morrison has declared the book "required reading." If that's not enough for you, what is?, From our friends at Third Man Records...., The highly anticipated new novel from Jonathan Franzen, his first new novel since 2010! #book, Pimm's 838: Pimm's, Pierde Almas La Puritita Verda mezcal, tamarind, mint #booze, NEW VINYL AT TRES GATOS today includes DANGER MOUSE AND DANIEL LUPPI(guest starring Jack White and Norah Jones), NINA SIMONE, JAY-Z, GIL SCOTT HERON and BRIAN JACKSON, Led Zeppelin, Alex Chilton, Andrew Bird, Hole, Willie Nelson and many many more!, We just got these three beautiful cocktail books in--they're what we're reading at the bar, so if you want your drinks to be on par with the Gatos, these are for you!, Come enjoy patio season while it's still here!  Serving brunch at tres gatos until 3 today!, Perfect song for a sunny day in early fall from the new album from Wilco, at Gatos on CD currently and coming on vinyl in November!, We got in some great used #vinyl this morning, stop by today to check it out! Some of the notables include Billie Holiday, The Beatles, Cat Power, Frank Sinatra, Savages, Lake Street Dive, Neil Young, Stan Getz, Temptations, and Scrapper Blackwell., NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring FRANK TURNER, MARVIN GAYE, N.W.A., NINA SIMONE, Modern Lovers, Wilco, FKA Twigs and many many more! Stop in for a great early-fall vinyl and spin to your heart's content!, Sad news on the wire: longtime and much-beloved restaurant/pub James's Gate has closed, we don't know why. The Gatos wish the owners and the staff all the very best. You will be greatly missed., Stephen's secret special for the evening, we'll give you a hint, it involves fried clams.  Come try it out!, We are slightly obsessing on the new Yo La Tengo album here at Gatos...., A big THANK YOU to everyone who came out to our benefit in support of Egleston Farmer's Market last night! Thanks to Scott and the rest of the Market crew, thanks to Jimmy for playing some  great music, and muchas gracias to the awesome vendors who generously donated fresh product for the event: Red's Best, the Food Project, Neighborhood Farm, Exodus Bagels, and Buckle Farm. Thanks for all of your hard word in supplying Boston with fresh, healthy food! We love you. #EglestonFarmersMarket #localfarms, The Gatos say a belated farewell to Dr. Oliver Sacks, a man whose work on the science of how music and the brain interact is world renowned and a man who truly changed the world., null, Just in time for the end of summer, here's another new book day, featuring great reads from FLANNERY O'CONNOR, HERMAN KOCH, DOROTHY PARKER(and cocktail books inspired by her), RACHEL KUSHNER, and dozens more! On your way to the beach for one last hurrah? Stop in for a great Gato read tonight and remember, 10 percent of all sales tonight go to Egleston Farm!, Stephen prepping away for our benefit tonight!  10% of proceeds go to the Egleston Farm.  Come down to support local farms!, Tonight at 9:00 pm tres gatos will be holding a tribute cheers for Sasha Petraske.  Come by for a daiquiri in his honor., Tonight we honor Sasha Petraske of Milk & Honey, gone from our lives and industry far too soon. Sasha was both ahead of his time and from a bygone era. A rare soul and a beacon of Hospitality. We are donating all Daiquiri proceeds to charity and we will be toasting him at 9 pm., The Gatos are loving the newest from Destroyer, Poison Season. What an album!, Beach House fans, visit us at the store between now and Sunday and enter our raffle to win a very rare and highly coveted white vinyl pressing of "Depression Cherry." Thank you Sub Pop Records and @BeaccchHoussse!, It's a big day for new #vinyl at the Gatos! Get your copy of the newest from #BeachHouse #YoLaTengo & #Destroyer today!, Please join us next Tuesday, Sept 1, for our next monthly Benefit Night, this time in support of Egleston Farmer's Market. Our menu will feature some delicious products generously donated by vendors at the Market, including Red's Best, the Food Project, Buckle Farm, Exodus Bagels, and the Neighborhood Farm. Our community is a richer place because of this Market and these vendors. Tres Gatos will donate 10% of restaurant and store sales. Let's make it a party! Egleston Farmers Market Exodus Bagels @redsbest The Food Project, Raleigh's bar whim: Victor, Victoria (Bombay, rose simple, combier rose).  The longer you sit, the pinker it gets!, This coming Monday, August 31, Tres Gatos will be honoring the late, inimitable Sasha Petraske of Milk & Honey, et al. Sasha was a beacon of hospitality and his impact on modern cocktail culture cannot possibly be overstated. We will hoist a toast for Sasha at 9 pm with one of his favorites: the simple, beautiful, classic Daiquiri. All Daiquiri proceeds that night will be donated to charity. If you are unable to attend, we recommend that wherever you are you enjoy a Daiquiri, act warmly to those around you, and take a moment to remember and appreciate this legendary ambassador for all things liquid and lovely. 
http://www.ravenwood.org/sasha/, Some of the incredible used vinyl floating around Gatos currently; also today we got some great classic releases from our friends at Sub Pop and Merge Records, including some of the biggest sellers Gatos has ever had by Arcade Fire, Fleet Foxes, Father John Misty and more! Stop in for the Beatles tonight and stay for the vinyl!, TONIGHT!, Rod Stewart tribute tonight starting at 8 tonight at tres gatos!  Come down for a good time!, Rod Stewart comes to Tres Gatos tonight....sort of. Jay Gates is JP's Rod Stewart, and he brings Rod the Mod's songbook to life tonight at Tres Gatos. He also dances better then the man himself. Come out, grab a drink, and boogie down. Tonight, 8pm. no cover(except, you know, lots of Rod Stewart covers)., null, Quiet Cargo plays at Tres Gatos at 3pm! No cover. These folks are great!, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos means great wax including the RUSHMORE SOUNDTRACK, LEON BRIDGES, the latest from FAITH NO MORE, new RYAN ADAMS singles, plus AC/DC, Taylor Swift, Otis Redding, Alt-J, Guns N Roses and many many more!, This Vinyl Business is Hard Work., Today in 1969,Crosby, Stills, and Nash appear on ABC-TV's Dick Cavett Show, the first band to report on the just-concluded Woodstock festival. Joni Mitchell appears, too, to debut her new song about the concert., NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos means great reads from authors like EMILY ST JOHN MANDEL, DAVID MITCHELL, KEVIN KWAN, JEREMY P. BUSHNELL, Simon Winchester, Stella Gibbons, Michael Faber, Richard Flanagan and many more! Stop in for a good beach read!, Which one shall I drink? The red or the white sangria? Come get some before summer is over!, Riding Shotgun returns to the Tres Gatos stage at 8pm tonight! No cover!, Raleigh's bar whim for the evening: Ocean's 11 (casamigas reposado, pamplemousse, Napoleon mandarin, simple, lime) so refreshing!, Stephen prepping those live soft shell crabs for dinner service!  Come try our crispy soft shell crab (peperonata, coconut milk, Thai basil), Reading today with Michelle A. Gabow at 3:00pm today at Gatos!, Feature for brunch heirloom tomato salad (black olive croutons, halloumi yogurt, mint chutney).  #tasteofsummer, Ginny's Djinn (grapefruit, etherial gin, Napoleon mandarin) sounds good for breakfast!, Gatos Song of the Day, If you've had your eye on a box set, turntable or new hardcover book, this might be the time to spring for it! It's Tax Free Weekend today and tomorrow in Massachusetts, which means it's time to fight the heat and go hunting for the deal of the summer! No tax on any products in the book and record store!, From the new Yo La Tengo album, Stuff Like That There, out on August 28th on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos!, Join us every #Friday between 4 & 5:30PM for #Pincho #HappyHour! Get one of these beauties free with every drink., This just in: a numbered & limited release from the #Replacements, featuring their first four albums back on #vinyl, Our book of the day (or memoir, shall we say) is Patti Smith's "Just Kids," which is freshly stocked on our shelves., A song to listen to while you watch tonight's meteor shower...., null, null, New Books in at Tres Gatos today include the newest from JOHN DARNIELLE and EMILY SCHUTZ and a whole lot of Cormac McCarthy and Ian McEwan. Read up Boston!, Raleigh's Return of the Space Squirrel (seagram's gin, pineapple, lime, frenet branca) for jp music fundraiser!, From our friends at Matador and just in time for the Music Fest fundraiser tonight, this is some cool wax! First up PAVEMENT'S Secret History Vol. 1, featuring rare and unreleased Pavement and on vinyl for the first time; reissues of a bunch of great albums and EPs from RED HOUSE PAINTERS; and the definitive greatest hits of the iconoclastic GARY NUMAN! Also in today is the deluxe reissue of THE ROLLING STONES Sticky Fingers, featuring working zipper and an entire album of bonus tracks! Pretty cool for a rainy day!, TONIGHT!, Some of the great new reads on the shelves of Tres Gatos this week, including fantastic stuff from TA NEHISI COATES, ERNEST CLINE, TONI MORRISON and JOHN GREEN, plus page turners from Denis Johnson, James Baldwin, Anthony Doerr, Douglas Adams, Sue Monk Kidd and many many more!, Another Stephen delightful treat: pan roasted mussels (saffron, melted leeks, trabanco), so tasty!, Ginny's bar whim: "Five Ships: watermelon infused vida mezcal, cava, strawberry), Great live music at Tres Gatos to start the week: Cold Chocolate play their bewitching mix of Americana and bluegrass tonight at 8pm, and tomorrow, garage rock band Streight Angular play a fundraiser for the JP Music Festival. Show starts at 6pm (with opener Ferris Mueller) and cover is $10. Thanks for supporting local music!, What we are spinning right now...the original Smiths demo, recorded 5 months before their debut album., Catch Noel Coakley, one of the founders of the New England Americana Festival and a huge player in the Boston folk scene, at Tres Gatos from 3:00-4:30 today!!, New bar whim: John Cage Negroni (xicaru mezcal, aperol, carpanoantica) so good!, TOMORROW!, We're thoroughly enjoying Mac Demarco's latest release, "Another One"--are you?, Tres Gatos is thrilled to host a fundraising show for the JP Music Festival -- featuring Streight Angular (voted Best Garage Rock Band by the Phoenix in 2012) -- next Tuesday Aug 11. Cover is $10, show starts at 6pm, and there will be some cool menu additions, including a Bocadillo/ Beer special. Thanks for supporting local music!, We've got unreleased, rare, live, BBC, demo and alternative version records in store today! Brave the storm and come see for yourself., Among the treasures found during our basement deep clean tonight: THE BEATLES, THE BAND, STEVIE WONDER, JOHNNY CASH, Joe Cocker, Nat King Cole, Willie Nelson, Curtis Mayfield, and many many many more!, Margarita anyone? Yes, please!  Ginny's Premier Gatos Margarita (espolon, agave, lime, napoleon mandarin), Tres Gatos is thrilled to welcome superb singer-songwriter Sara Ontaneda to our Monday night music series. Playing music since the age of 7, Sara now performs for audiences in New England, New York and Ecuador. Show starts at 8pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Live music this afternoon!, If you're looking for some great live music in JP this afternoon, please swing by the Gatos and check out trumpeter Billy Buss and crew! These guys are great. 3pm, perfect time for a cocktail!, Ginny's bar whim of the night... Ochotillo (vida mezcal, st. Elder, strawberry simple, pineapple).  Lightly sweet with a kick of smokey mezcal, mmm!, Tres Gatos is proud to be carrying this incredible and important book, put together by our friends at 826LA and their twelfth Young Authors’ Book Project. We think it's a beautiful book and a compelling read and hope you agree., We are loving the new Jason Isbell single, the title track to his newest album, available at Tres Gatos!, THE BEST SUMMER VINYL OF ALL TIME IS WAITING AT TRES GATOS FOR YOU! Stop in and pick up the perfect wax., Open early! Friday 4-5:30, featuring a complimentary pincho with purchase of a beverage!, Yes, it's HOT, but when the sun goes down, our patio is a beautiful place to dine. Here are a few dishes from last night -- Baby Beet Salad, Charred Octopus, and Halloumi a la Plancha -- and a storm cloud (no rain yet!) from today. Hope to see you soon., Need the perfect summer read? Tres Gatos has you covered. We've got great new books in stock from Smith Henderson, Bret Anthony Johnson, Amy Rowland, Julie Orringer, Nicole Krauss, Neil Degrasse Tyson, Eleanor Catton, Hugh Howley and many many more! Stop in for the perfect read today!, Ginny's bar whim tonight: Kalimotxo (pene da lobo, coca-cola, simple) sooooo refreshing!, Stephen caught the illusive jp octopus!  Preparing it as we speak to serve tonight: charred with tomato, summer savory & pickled peanuts...now that's fresh! :), According to Pitchfork, it's taken five years, but Titus Andronicus has finally answered the grand expectations created by "The Monitor" with their new release, "The Most Lamentable Tragedy." Grab your copy here and decide for yourself!, Please join us next Tuesday, August 4, when the Gatos host a Benefit Night for ReVision Urban Farm, an innovative urban agriculture project that grows and provides access to affordable, nutritious and culturally appropriate food to residents of ReVision Family Home and the surrounding community. Tres Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales. Thanks for your support!, The motherload of all jazz vinyl orders hit Tres Gatos today, so if you need some great jazz wax for your next dinner party/sitting on the porch at sunset with some wine/trip to your beach house/steamy late night roofdeck party, Tres Gatos has it! From Coltrane to Cannonball Addlerley, Etta Jones to Mingus, Bill Evans, Stan Getz, Thelonious Monk, Wes Montgomery and dozens more, stop into Gatos soon!, Sterling Rhyne is at Tres Gatos tonight at 8pm!, Ginny's breakfast bar whim:  mezcal margarita.  Happy Sunday Funday!, null, We've got some great used vinyl right now, from The Mamas & The Papas to The Lovin' Spoonful to Simon and Garfunkel's greatest hits (and a whole lot more)! #usedvinyl #wax, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring JASON ISBELL, BB KING, JOHNNY CASH, CSNY, Afghan Wigs, Father John Misty, The Strokes and many many more! Stop in for the perfect weekend record!, Raleigh's new bar whim: sailor jerry, cachaca, orgeat, combier rose liquor, lime, aranciata.  So delicious!, New hours at Tres Gatos starting today!  On Fridays, from now on we will be opening at 4:00!  We will be featuring $1 pinchos and refreshing cocktails!  Come by and start your weekend off right!, Back by popular demand, the Crosley Dansette Bermuda returns to Tres Gatos!, null, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos features classics from PETER BENCHLEY, Bukowski, Ozeki and many more, as well as great new reads from Tarashea Nesbit, Akhil Sharma, Jenny Offill and many many more. Stop in for a great new beach read(or not, in Jaws case...), The newest from Kurt Vile, 'B'lieve I'm Going Down", is out on Matador Records on September 25th, and you can preorder copies on LP and CD now from Tres Gatos!, Jp sings Bruce Springsteen tonight starting at 8pm! Come by for some fun times!, null, Tonight, rendezvous at Tres Gatos at 8pm for Jp Sings the Boss, an open mic night for the ages! We have one or two spots left, so if you want to sing, sign up now!, New bartender's whim:          Spice Girl: muddled ginger, bulleit bourbon, habanero shrub, basil, agave, so refreshing on a hot day!, Want to escape the heat? Tres Gatos is nice and cool inside, and tonight, we have the renowned Michael Tarbox (of the Tarbox Ramblers) playing for us at 8pm. We have plenty of cold beer, rosé, and cocktails to soothe you as well., We are still looking for performers for Bruce Springsteen Night on Tuesday! We have a few slots left and you can sign up through the FB or by stopping into the record store. NOT TAKEN AS OF YET: Thunder Road, Glory Days and Dancing In the Dark. Get on this, JP!, Now spinning at Tres Gatos....., Tio Pepe Fino, cava, orgeat #booze, #TameImpalas eagerly awaited third album: #Currents. The follow up to 2012's critically acclaimed #Lonerism, Fresh wax in today! It's a perfect night to come browse the stacks., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring JULIA PIERPONT, PHILIP K DICK, KIM GORDON, TOM WOLFE and many many more! Find the perfect summer read tonight!, Thanks to DigBoston for running a great little piece about JP Sings the Boss, our Bruce Springsteen Open Mic Night taking place at Gatos on Tuesday July 21st. We hope to see you all there!, Happening right now, come out and EAT FOR THE ARTS! Support the Piano Craft Gallery, a staple in the Boston arts community since 1974!, Pre-order your copy of the new Beach House from Tres Gatos today, out August 28th from Sub Pop Records!, Hot off the press: #GoSetAWatchman by #HarperLee. Get your copy today!, Porchfest at Tres Gatos © Julia Swanson, 2015, Four-letterword.com, TOMORROW!, New bartender's whim tonight: Vida mezcal, creme de violette, peach shrub & lemongrass simple...delicious!, A big shout-out to the Porchfest organizers for pulling off such an amazing, community-wide event. Thanks to the amazing musicians who played for the Gatos, and throughout JP, and thanks to the community for coming out in such huge numbers, with such great spirit. Tres Gatos and Centre Street Cafe are proud to help sponsor such an awesome event. Can't wait to do it again., We've got a copy of Crime & Punishment that has what might be the coolest cover ever created for the Dostoyevsky novel., While Phil n the Blanks are out front for porchfest, come say hello to one of the newest book and record sellers at Tres Gatos, Anna! She'll be here all day., Words of wisdom., New this week: #LeonBridges #ComingHome #vinyl, Charred octopus, green tomato, burrata, pickled peanuts #food, New Vinyl In Stock, Just in time for Porchfest JP this weekend, includes J COLE, LEON BRIDGES, BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, WASHED OUT, Nick Cave, Taylor Swift, Muddy Waters, Bobby Womack, Polica and dozens more! Stop in for the perfect summer wax!, New Vinyl This Week includes BIG STAR, LUCINDA WILLIAMS, GRAM PARSONS, Miles Davis, Songs Ohia and many many more!, Record store manager Phil Wilcox and his band Phil N The Blanks take the Gatos stage at Porchfest on Saturday from 4 to 5pm to play, among other things, their version of Bruce Springsteen's/The Band's "Atlantic City". Come out and bring your dancing shoes!, When world's collide...., The unique and exhilarating space blues of Riding Shotgun takes the Tres Gatos stage at 2pm on Porchfest Day, July 11th. Come on out and stomp your foot along to the beat!, #WineFlightWednesday: Bone Dry. Tio Pepe Palomino Fino, Valdespino Deliciosa Manzanilla, & Fausse Piste Ghosts of L'Ortolan, Checking out our new neighbors @thefrogmore ! #food, Also in store today on vinyl:, Habanero mezcal drink for a hot day, mmm, Richard Buckner's "The Hill" and Superchunk's "Come Pick Me Up" were reissued today! We've got your copies right here waiting for you, so come on by., We will be spotlighting the bands playing at JP Porchfest this weekend at Tres Gatos in this space this week.

Jesse and the Hogg Brothers will grace the Gatos stage from 3pm to 4pm on Saturday. Give them a listen!, null, Tonight's performer, Annabel Lee. Stop in and check her out!, If you're in the mood for some great live music, please swing by the Gatos tonight, as we welcome back the amazingly talented Sarah Borrello, who was voted "Best New Act" at the 2013 New England Music Awards. Show starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting local music., Our latest spicy Manhattan variant: Spanish Harlem.                                                         Bulleit Rye, habanero shrub, lemon #booze, USED VINYL NEW AT TRES GATOS: REM, The Police, Sonny Rollins, Dinah Washington, Johnny Cash, Patsy Cline, Pretenders, Gary Burton, Pete Seeger, Frank Zappa, Marianne Faithfull and many many more! Stop in for the perfect wax for the end of your weekend!, Come and see Annabel Lee LIVE at Tres Gatos tomorrow!, Happy 5th of July! https://youtu.be/QrY9eHkXTa4, Huge day for live music next Saturday as JP Porchfest occupies our neighborhood. Please join the Gatos as we transform our catio into a stage and host some great JP bands, including Rocking Horse Rodeo, Riding Shotgun, Jesse and the Hogg Brothers, and our very own Phil and the Blanks. Fun starts at noon!, The Gatos are closed tomorrow to celebrate the 4th (watch sailboats on the Pond, etc), but we hope you'll consider joining us on our patio for brunch, drinks, snacks, or dinner on Sunday. Here are a few pics from the patio tonight. Happy 4th!, Happy Pre-4th everyone!, NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS features SHARON VAN ETTEN, BIG DATE, WHITNEY HOUSTON, TALKING HEADS, Nina Simone, Run the Jewels, Bruce Springsteen, Fela Kuti, Tampe Impala and many many more! Need the perfect vinyl for your 4th of July party? WE HAVE IT!, Pan-seared Hake, peperonata, coconut milk, black olives #food, Every Season is Vinyl Season., null, null, Whether it's Lily King, Rob Sheffield or Ruth Ozeki, we have the perfect read for the 4th of July weekend for you at Tres Gatos!, Calling all the moon-walkers and PYTs of JP! Tonight here at Tres Gatos is JP Sings Jacko! Come hear your Michael Jackson faves at our open mic night starting at 8:00pm., Gotta Catch Them All!, Thanks to Improper Bostonian Magazine for voting Tres Gatos Best Neighborhood Restaurant in JP! We're thrilled and honored. So much credit goes to our regulars, who visit us weekly for a drink at the bar, some tapas on the patio, or to spin records and chat about books in our store. You keep us enthused about what we do, and help make it fun every day. Gracias!, The Gatos are excited to host Frank Drake (mandolin, guitar, and bass), along with Dan Kellar and Paul Dilley, for an evening of bluegrass and Americana tonight. 8pm, no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, song of the day, Starting now, Chef Richard Chudy will be serving up burgers straight out of his cookbook. There will be a beer and burger flight and Richard will be in house to answer any and all questions., Famed local chefs Richard Chudy & Sam Monsour will be throwing an American Burger Revival Pop Up today from 3-5 @tresgatosjp in order to celebrate the recent release of their new book!  We will be featuring a 3 slider pairing with some great beer.  Come by for burgers, books, beer, and a good time!, Song of the Day, Today! At 3:30 PM! Come talk literature!, Thanks to #BostonMagazine for voting Tres Gatos "Best Brunch" in the 2015 Best Of issue! We promise to take good care of all of you "savory seekers" and "hangover chasers"! And congrats to our little sis, Centre Street Cafe, for wining "Best Romantic" restaurant. Both teams are honored, and thanks to all of our loyal supporters!, SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos features FELA KUTI, RODRIGO Y GABRIELA, SLOWDIVE, SLINT, Prince, Miles Davis, Of Montreal and many many more! Stop in and find the perfect wax for summer!, Congrats to everybody! The great work continues!, Chef Marcaurelle's summer menu has something for everyone! Vegetarian? How about some Halloumi with apricot and nasturtium? Or a Baby Beet Salad with whipped ricotta and passionfruit. Love meat? Try the Smoked Rib Croquettas. Seafood lover? The Smoked Bluefish with avocado and Eva's herbs is a must-try!, Looking for something (delicious) to do this rainy Sunday? Join the Gatos at 3pm to welcome Richard Chudy, co-author of "American Burger Revival." Burgers! Beer! Book-signing!, From cook to sales guy! Tyler's back, come say whats up!, Get your perfect summer tunes/reads here at Tres Gatos!, Tonight's bartender whim:
Strawberry Fields (vodka, strawberry purée, orange bitters, mint) @tresgatosjp, From the new ANDRE DUBUS III in paperback to the latest page turner from STEPHANIE KALLOS, from dinosaurs run amok to shark attacks on the Jersey shore, from Ottolenghi to Alice Munro, if you need a good summer read, Tres Gatos has you covered., Dressed to impress for #SherryFest !, #SherryFest hosts, Skurnik Wines, All right Sherry Fest, here we go!, 16 oz bone in rib eye, artichokes, rapini, bagna cauda currently on special @tresgatosjp, New vinyl in store today from our friends at Merge records! Come hang and check it all out., What record are you currently loving?, SONG OF THE DAY, Mezcal Aviation sounds like a good plan today!  Happy Father's Day from gatos!, Music makes the world a better place.

What music are you listening to today?, Happy Dad's Day!, Happy Father's Day to all of you Gatos Dads out there! We can't offer you a sunny patio, but we have some great new items on our brunch menu, and live music with Nosy Mangabe at 3pm. The bar will be pleased to serve you a Bloody Mary (and more) all day, and yes, there are plenty of records & books for Dad as well., Today in 1942, Brian Wilson was born. The anthems of a thousand summers soon followed., Bulleit burton, maple syrup, black bitters and lemon are key ingredient's to Ginny's special cocktail this evening called Bermuda Shorts.  Come by for a taste of summer in a glass!, Whether it's books, CDs, vinyl, turntables or Gift Cards, Tres Gatos has you covered for Father's Day. Today, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the perfect Father's Day present for the vinyl hound in the family, from JOHNNY CASH to MICHAEL JACKSON, from PEARL JAM to the BEACH BOYS, from The Rolling Stones and U2 to CCR and Marvin Gaye and many many more! Stop in for the perfect wax today!, What happens after you drop the needle...., Great article by Scott Doyle, a member of the Gatos family, about a book written by kids involved with 826LA, detailing a critical episode in the fight against segregation. The book is valuable in and of itself, but also it highlights the important work being done by all 826 chapters, including our own 826 Boston. They deserve our support., Thanks to Eater Boston for the great article about Stephen Marcaurelle, the new head chef at Tres Gatos and a man who is revitalizing and revolutionizing our menu! Congrats to Stephen!, On June 28th, author Richard Chudy will be at Tres Gatos to sign, read from, and make burgers straight out of his new book, American Burger Revival! Stop in and kick off the summer with the burger of your dreams., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from CAROLINE KEPNES, RICHARD FLANAGAN, KARL OVE KNAUSGAARD, LAUREN CLARK, Kurt Vonnegut, John Green, Daniel Handler, Hunter Thompson and many many more!, null, http://www.tresgatosjp.com/gallery/, Well, it's still raining. Luckily, we've still got those rainy day reads for you! Grab your umbrella and head over for a recommendation., Come and try chef Stephen's special tonight: Quail served with savory cherries, summer beans and tamarind.  Delicious! @tresgatosjp, Sometimes rainy day books are the best. We've got the perfect read for you at Tres Gatos., And we wonder, still we wonder, who'll stop the rain?, Don't let a rainy start to the week dampen your spirits. Great jazz at Tres Gatos tonight with the Isabel Stover Trio. Music starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting #localmusic., Please consider joining Girl's Rock Campaign's Five Year Birthday Party at our friends Cuisine en Locale on June 27. This is great organization, and they deserve the support of all local music lovers. Let's help girls rock! Gracias., Happy Pride!  Come try our Priscilla Queen of the Dessert: creme de violette, salers aperitif, cava, strawberries, Manchego cheesecake with peach compote, sour cherries and sweet cicely is delicious! #jp #keeplocal #jamaicaplain @tresgatosjp, Happy Pride Day Boston!!!!, Today's book recommendations are some old classics: "To Have and Have Not" by Ernest Hemingway (1944), "Nine Stories" by J.D. Salinger (1953), and "100 Years of Solitude" by Gabriel Garcia Marquez (1967). Pick up a copy (or all three) from us today!, The Gatos are really excited about the beautiful new dishes being created by new head chef Stephen Marcaurelle and sous chef Geoff Greene: Quail with savory cherries; Smoked Bluefish with avocado and Eva's herbs; Halloumi with apricot and nasturtium; and Padron peppers with smokey harissa, among others. We hope to see you soon!, Do you want to come out and play a Michael Jackson song? Does someone you know? Sign up today!, It's not Thursday anymore...!, NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the Beach Boys, The Rolling Stones, The Mountain Goats, LCD Soundsystem, Spoon, Guided by Voices, Bob Marley, Kendrick Lamar, Father John Misty and many many more!, RIP Mr. Coleman., el buho mescal, grapefruit, pomegranate, soda, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring every summer read you can imagine, from Andy Weir's THE MARTIAN to prose poems on silent film, from MORRISSEY'S autobiography to The People's History of the New Boston, from Peter Stark to Tina Fey, from Death and Co. to Dave Eggers....whatever it is you're looking for, it is here!, We're enjoying listening to some of The Cars' best hits on this pleasant Tuesday. Song of the day: Since You're Gone., It's summer, and it's time to boogie., song of the day, We had so much fun with the Boston Herald's Michael Silverman at today's Pedro Martinez book event, and the Sox won again today, so let's celebrate!, If you're a Red Sox fan, be sure to stop by at 3:00 pm today for our book event with Michael Silverman! The co-author will do a reading, signing and Q&A to promote the new Pedro Martinez memoir.

“This is the beauty of this book, the machinations of a modern pitcher's mind . . . There is delicious inside-baseball material here . . . Boston fans, who know Martinez helped turn around their franchise, will certainly buy this book as a totem to one of the magic moments in baseball history: their 2004 title. So, too, should any true fan of the game. Knowing and gritty, this memoir should've been printed on rawhide.” 
– Los Angeles Times, null, Love & Rockets: espolon blanco tequila, lemongrass, habanero shrub, lemon, Today's book of the day: Trout Fishing in America by Richard Brautigan. Originally published in 1967 and a Beat's cult favorite, this American surrealist novel makes for quite the interesting read., Used Vinyl Hits Tres Gatos, from TALKING HEADS to JIMMY CLIFF, FRANK ZAPPA to Paul Butterfield Blues Band, Big Brother and the Holding Company to JJ Cale, and many many more!, Two new seafood dishes we're excited about: Softshell Crab a la Plancha with piquillo jam and avocado, and House-Smoked Bluefish with avocado, buttermilk and green goddess sauce with Eva's herbs., NEW VINYL DAY brings the newest wax from FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE, DAWES, HOT CHIP and great wax from Nirvana, The Meters, Fleetwood Mac, Kate Bush, The Gories, Johnny Cash and many many more! Stop in for the perfect weekend wax!, Phil and the Blanks, the Tres Gatos Band, made it all the way to YouTube and we couldn't be happier!, Seared scallop, jamon dashi, confit tomato, lemon thyme, Our book and record store manager Phil and his band Phil N The Blanks, featuring Gato Dennison Blackett on Sax, placed third at the JP Bar Wars last night. We were so thrilled to participate and can't wait to see you all next year!, null, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the return of the GOLDFINCH in paperback, Turn Around Bright Eyes(the next Tres Gatos Book Club Book), Ella Leya, Celeste Ng, plus many many more! Richard Brautigan, Tom Robbins, Zadie Smith and dozens more! Stop in for the perfect read today!, Algiers' new self-titled album and Jamie xx's "In Colour" both came out today! Come grab your copy from us tonight!, Brave the elements tonight and come out for live jazz, great food, incredible cocktails and a new book or two!, Join us for our monthly benefit tomorrow 6/2 for Boston Children's Hospital!, null, These are two of the coolest records in the world; who is going to find them a nice home?, Happy Sunday!, CRAZY USED VINYL AT TRES GATOS! Love,The Mothers of Invention, The Yardbirds, Spencer Davis Group, Getz and Gilberto, Eddie Harris, John Coltrane, Kenny Burrell, Freddy Hubbard and many many more! It's a massive haul of incredible wax. Stop by and see!, Tomorrow!, Today in 1943, Jack Bruce of Cream was born., White Birch Berliner-Weisse freshly tapped!  
5.5% ABV
"Napoleon’s troops referred to Berliner Weisse as the “Champagne of the North” due to its lively and elegant character. Today this style is described by some as the most refreshing beer in the world. We feel our approach creates an authentic interpretation of a classic summer refresher. Enjoy when it’s warm or year round."
-whitebirchbrewing.com, fluke crudo, fennel pollen, citrus, anise hyssop, From Trojan Records to The Beastie Boys, from the Pixies to Lana Del Rey, from Stevie Nicks to Harry Nilsson, whatever your ideal summer record is, Tres Gatos has in in stock and waiting for you ON VINYL! Stop in this weekend and take a look!, Today's #bookoftheday is American Burger Revival. With summer right around the corner, what better to read than a cookbook with unconventional and imaginative recipes for burgers like the "Ballah'" featuring watercress, chive & cream cheese spread, onion rings, shiitake mushrooms, steak sauce, and porterhouse tartar? Do yourself a favor and grab a copy from our shelves while you can., Here's a little mellow dream pop for this drizzly evening that feels thick with summer warmth #songoftheday, We're excited to announce that our next monthly Benefit Night is for Children's Hospital, whose staff does such amazing work to help the sick kids in our community get better. Please join us next Tuesday, June 2; bring friends and let's make it a party! Tres Gatos will donate 10% of store and restaurant sales to this fantastic hospital that truly does change lives. Gracias!, Happy Early Summer everyone!, And now it's summer., Happy Memorial Day Weekend everyone!, This is a vintage portable turntable that played 78's and was used by the US Army during World War II. 

Happy Memorial Day Weekend, everybody., it's patio season!  @tresgatosjp  Tres Gatos, Happy Birthday Morrissey!, NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, with great wax from NICK CAVE, RODRIGUEZ, JUNGLE, SURFER BLOOD, Bright Eyes, Otis Redding, Bob Dylan, The Rolling Stones, Tycho, St Vincent and many many more!, We've got Donna Tartt's Pulitzer Prize winning novel, The Goldfinch, in stock and in paperback! Pick it up for a riveting, engaging (and now much more portable) summer read. Also freshly stocked: Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, and the latest novel from Elizabeth Gilbert (author of Eat, Pray, Love), The Signature of All Things., Thanks to our friend Meghan at Two Roads Brewing Co. for taking this shot on the patio last night. Baby Beet Salad, Tortilla, and a great saison -- beautiful!, null, JP Sings the Rolling Stones. Tonight at 8pm., It's tonight!

See you all at 8!, We fully support this and can't wait to try it!, In honor of Rolling Stones night tomorrow!, Tomorrow, bring your guitar, banjo, mandolin, uke or keyboard to Tres Gatos and sing your favorite Rolling Stones song with your friends and neighbors! 8pm sharp, no cover., The worst fate of all!, In honor of the series finale of Mad Men tonight, here's Zou Bisou Bisou for ten hours straight., Tomorrow, rock and roll comes to Tres Gatos!!!!

Be there or be square., Whatever your ideal weekend read is, we have it at Tres Gatos and want it to find a good home! Come one, come all!, Good Morning Everybody!, It's New Record Day at Tres Gatos, featuring some of our very favorite wax of all time, including the O BROTHER WHERE ART THOU SOUNDTRACK, The Who's WHO'S NEXT, MAJOR LAZER, FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE, restocks of the new D'Angelo, Alabama Shakes and My Morning Jacket and other classic wax, from Interpol to Thelonious Monk and everything in between!, The Gatos say RIP to the legend, the original, BB King. Rest easy, brother., Happy Birthday David Byrne!, Vodka, velvet falernum, honeydew purée, lemon #booze, Ladies and gentlemen, we are just wild about the Crosley Bermuda. It is the reintroduction of the Dansette Series, a British based line of turntables that had near monopoly on living rooms across the world in the early 60's. This turntable is gorgeous, comes with removable legs, and is LOUD. We love it., Joan Collins Digs Vinyl., song of the day, Whatever your ideal summer book is, we have it in Tres Gatos. It's new book day, so stop by for a craft beer and a new read. Today's book order has something for everybody!, JP SINGS IS A WEEK FROM TONIGHT!

If you or someone you know wants to sing or play a Rolling Stones song, write the Gatos FB page or stop into the record store and ask for Phil.

We can't wait to see you there!, From the JP Beer Garden Pop Up Playlist....., The JP Beer Garden Pop Up Dinner is Tonight!!!, We are LOVING May. How about you?, Please join us tonight to welcome back fiddler extraordinaire Bronwyn Keith-Hynes and her new bluegrass band Mile Twelve, who have a new EP coming out soon. They are highly respected in bluegrass and acoustic circles, and some of the Gatos' favorite musicians. Music starts at 8pm and there is no cover., Happy Mother's Day to Atom Heart Mothers, and just regular mothers too!, Happy Mother's Day to you all from Tres Gatos!, Tres Gatos regular and Librarian Extraordinaire Dan Crocker has compiled a list of all of the books the Tres Gatos book club has done in the last 4 years(we think). It is a reminder of a lot of great discussions and interesting conversations, and we have to thank everyone who has attended our book club or told a friend about it. See you all May 31st for The Financial Lives of the Poets by Jess Walter!, Mother's Day is tomorrow, and you're still searching for the perfect present. Well, look no further. At Tres Gatos, we've got you covered. From Kate Atkinson novels to Odetta CDs, from Billy Idol 45's to Julia Child cookbooks, we've got the perfect thing for your mom, and when you buy it, you can enjoy a delicious craft beer as you breath deep and let relief wash over you. Happy Mother's Day everyone!, My Morning Jacket is back, with new album on CD and vinyl at Tres Gatos!, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos features the newest wax from MY MORNING JACKET, LORD HURON, BEST COAST, COURTNEY BARNETT,Alabama Shakes and many many more! Stop in and pick up a classic album from Tori Amos, Blur, Daft Punk, Clint Eastwood or countless others! Find some wax for mom!, Book of the day: Don't Go Where I Can't Follow by Anders Nilson. This book is a heartfelt collection of letters, photographs, and drawings that Nilsen has compiled in memory of his fiancee, Cheryl Weaver, who died of cancer in November 2005., How 'bout treating Mom to brunch or dinner on our patio this weekend? Who knows what you might see. Call 617-477-4851 if you'd like help making a res. We wish all of our local and visiting mothers a happy, restful, and delicious weekend!, null, Happy 100th Birthday to Orson Welles.

Now, here's Orson crooning with the Ray Charles singers., null, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring enthralling reads from EMILY ST. JOHN MANDEL, ANN PATCHETT, NICK CAVE COLUM MCCANN, Jess Walter, Elmore Leonard, Salman Rushdie and many many more! Stop in for the perfect read!, Tres Gatos is the official bookseller of JP Reads and will be onsite on Friday at Eliot Hall for Madeline Miller's reading and signing supporting her Orange Prize winning novel SONG OF ACHILLES!, This album JUST came out today, and you NEED to listen to it. This is pop gold, just in time for summer., From our friends at Merge, Matador and Sub Pop come brand new albums from MIKAL CRONIN, MAC MCCAUGHAN, METZ and PALMA VIOLETS. All are available on vinyl and, in Mikal's case, on cassette tape as well! Stop in and give a listen!, MUMFORD AND SONS 'WILDER MIND' is out on CD and vinyl at Tres Gatos today!, Happy National Star Wars Day, and May the Fourth Be With You!

Now here's ten hours of the Cantina Song!, Tonight through Mother's Day, Tres Gatos will donate 50% of all of our dessert sales to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Bakes for Breast Cancer. If there's an especially sweet week for enjoying a dessert or two, it's this one! Thanks for your support., Help the Gatos help the kids at the Mission Hill School (K-8) learn to love and play music! Benefit Night for the School is tomorrow, we'll donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to this great cause. Live music courtesy of the music director at 8pm. Kids learning to love music means a better future for all of us. Please call 617-477-4851 if you have trouble making a res on-line. More the merrier...Gracias!, Margot Tenenbaum has a pretty killer record collection., In one hour!, song of the day, Happy Independent Bookstore Day! It's a fantastic day to celebrate all the fantastic neighborhood bookstores who supply you with great reads, whether it's the newest bestseller or an obscure jewel, and the people who run them! Here at Tres Gatos, we are offering 20 percent off used books and 10 percent off new ones, so it's a great chance to pick up a title you've been eyeing. Whether it's us, Papercuts JP, the Lucy Parsons Center, or even Boomerangs, stop by a local JP bookshop today and pick up something to read in the sun!, Happy Wake Up the Earth Day from the Tres Gatos garden! Patio will now be open daily, weather permitting!, From Italian singers of the 60's to Link Wray, from Father John Misty to The Friday Soundtrack, from Nick Waterhouse to Interpol, from Lana Del Rey to the Rolling Stones, Tres Gatos has ALOT of new vinyl in stock, and we hope you pop in to check it out!, Next Benefit Night at Tres Gatos is for the music program at the amazing Mission Hill School in JP, next Tuesday, May 5! Please help us help these kids learn to play and love music. Music Director Billy Buss will be treating us to some live jazz around 8pm. We will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales that night to the School. Call 617-477-4851 if you'd like help making a reservation. Gracias!, Happy Birthday Duke Ellington!, NEW BOOKS at Tres Gatos tonight include a gorgeous anniversary addition of The Alchemist, Alan Moore's Watchmen(as well as other classic graphic novels like Maus I and Persepolis), Brad Gooch's new memoir Smash Cut, and many other great reads, ranging from Calvino to Diaz, from Higgins to Mantel. Stop in for the perfect spring read!, NEW RECORDS TODAY include the newest release from CALEXICO, great leftover Record Store Day titles from THE REPLACEMENTS, BEE GEES and RYAN ADAMS, plus incredible albums from Big Star, Nina Simone, Brian Eno, Sharon Jones and many many more! Stop in for the perfect album!, This sounds much better coming from a record player. Just sayin...., Just a taste of a bunch of delicious new vinyl we cooked up. Eat it., Our patio (aka Catio) is OPEN! Happy Spring!, The Gatos are excited about our new spring dishes, including: Baby Beet Salad with whipped ricotta and passionfruit; Burrata with garbanzo beans, pea tendrils & fennel vinaigrette; Grilled Asparagus with sunflower romesco; Lentils with charred padrón peppers; and Boquerones Toast with cress, mint and yogurt vinaigrette. We hope you'll give them a try. Happy Spring!, We thought we were getting some Alabama Shakes vinyl, but imagine our surprise when we got shipped a baby instead!

This little girl's name is Lula Pearl, and she really, really didn't wanna get out of that box., Get the whole picture of the vinyl revolution!, It's Lauren the Bartenders last night at Gatos and boy are we gonna miss her!, Hearty Sunday brunch ideas: how about a Breakfast Lamb Bocadillo with a fried egg and cilantro salsa verde, or Kale & Sausage with a poached egg and yellow eyed peas? Oh, and a Bloody Mary, of course! Great live music with Marie Abe (accordion & violin) at 3pm. Happy Sunday!, What today feels like., Here's the Spicy Grilled Broccoli! More new brunch dishes coming soon. And our patio will be open soon as well!, We're excited about a few new brunch dishes: Burrata, with garbanzo beans and pea tendrils; Asparagus a la Brasa with sunflower romesco; and Spicy Grilled Broccoli with meyer lemon vinaigrette. And there's always Sausage Pancakes with chili whipped butter! Brunch is goin' on now!, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos brings such goodies as RSD titles from RUN THE JEWELS, GOLDFRAPP, CURTIS FULLER and many more, as well as the BOOGIE NIGHTS SOUNDTRACK and classics from Wilco, Nina Simone, Django Reinhardt, Muddy Waters, Radiohead, Okkervil River, Father John Misty, Beach House and many many more!, How Soon is Meow?, We did it everybody!, Song of the Day, null, null, Happy Earth Day!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, with great titles in stock from CLAUDIA RANKINE, KAZUO ISHIGURU, ERIK LARSON and ROSEANNE MONTILLO, plus many more ranging from Bukowski to Murakami to Eugenides. Stop in for the perfect read!, JP sings reggae, ska and dub tonight at Tres Gatos licky boom boom down!, Come to Tres Gatos to spend time with Kindred spirits, get Shakey, and get the new Alabama Shakes and Passion Pit!! Also Bjork's "Vulnicura" just came out on vinyl and yeah we have it nbd., Do you wanna bring a guitar and sing your favorite reggae or ska song for all your friends and neighbors? Now is your chance! Tomorrow is JP Sings 420 Plus One and we are looking for performers! Inquire within., Vinyl Is Home., A few faces and images from Record Store Day. We still have lots of great stuff left, though we don't expect it to last too long!, The Gatos welcome back the highly talented sax-master Dennison Blackett for some swingin' jazz tonight at 8pm. Runners,  there is no better music than jazz for relaxing those sore, tired muscles. Happy Marathon Monday!, To everybody who waited in line, shopped for records, ate cookies and pastries, drank coffee or beer, and shared in #RSD15 with us, we say 'Thank You'. You guys are incredible. We have the best customers in the world, people who go out of their way to support their local record store, and who make us feel about 10 feet tall. You guys are why we do this every year, not just on Record Store Day, but everyday. This was the busiest day the Gatos ever had, and we wanna say, emphatically, THANK YOU!, Record Store Day is still going strong at the Gatos! Store will be open until 11pm, bar is open now, dinner starts at 7pm. Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate with us today, especially the early risers. You made our day. Gracias! #RSD15, IN ONE HOUR!, It's in the trees...it's coming!

Tomorrow, 10am., RECORD STORE DAY IS TOMORROW!, Thanks to Mr. James Reed for spreading the word about Record Store Day. And we absolutely agree, if you linger over your breakfast, you risk serious heartbreak. That's why we're offering free coffee and cookies! Yes, that counts as bfast on RSD!, Record Store Day at Tres Gatos is just 24 hours away. Doors open at 10am with free coffee and record cookies (collectible, edible). Featured artists of the day include the Animals, Bowie, Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, Phish, Father John Misty, Dresden Dolls, Brian Eno, Metallica, SWANS, Alex Chilton, Heldon, the Zombies, Otis Redding, Lemonheads, and over 400 more. Bar opens at 2pm with #DogfishHead, cocktails and more! Thanks to all of our loyal supporters, we love you! #RSD15, Thanks to Boston Magazine for including us on their list of Must-Visit spots for Record Store Day!, Getting ready for Saturday!, If record store people are supposed to be too cool for Record Store Day, we don't wanna be record store people! Here are a few reasons why we're excited about Saturday. #RSD15, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos features something for everyone, from PAUL BERTOLLI, JENNIFER EGAN(and many more), LEGS MCNEIL, AKI KAMOZAWA, and many many more! Stop in for a perfect spring read!, song of the day, Our record store manager Phil is in BDC Wire today, talkin' Record Store Day. Thanks to Jamie Loftus and all the folks at BDC Wire for the opportunity!, How seriously do the Gatos take Record Store Day? Seriously enough to MAKE OUR OWN CUSTOM RECORD COOKIES!!!! Baked this year courtesy of Sarah and Keith, two very passionate gatos. Come early, they won't last!  #RSD15, The Gatos say RIP to Percy Sledge, soulman extraordinaire and a true legend., NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos with BOB MARLEY(Live in Boston), the newest from MATT AND KIM, the SMASHING PUMPKINS, TOOL, and many more, including Otis Redding, Van Halen, Lorde, Vampire Weekend and more!, Rod Stewart is coming tonight!, Tonight's the night! The Rod Stewart Tribute featuring Jay Gates and David Alexander hits Tres Gatos, and if previous performances are any indication, there will be lots of singalongs, selfies and soccer balls in play tonight. We hope to see you there., null, Song of the Day, While you're out and about enjoying the sun and warmth today, we hope you'll consider swinging by the Tres Gatos saloon for an afternoon drink and snack, and to enjoy a free show with our friends from Rocking Horse Rodeo. Show starts at 3pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, In one week, Record Store Day takes over Tres Gatos. It's the biggest day of the year for our record and bookstore, featuring specialty vinyl, sales across the store, special cocktails, new beers and so much more! We hope to see you there!, The weather is beautiful! Let's party!, NEW VINYL DAY PART 1----we have clear audiophile vinyl from our friends at Forced Exposure here in sunny Massachusetts, for the highest sound fidelity, from NINA SIMONE, FRANCOISE HARDY, JOHN COLTRANE AND RED GARLAND, SAM COOKE, Stan Getz, Billie Holiday, Django Reinhardt, and many many more!, Happpy Riot Grrrl Day!, Thanks to everyone who came out to the Benefit Night for Bikes not Bombs on Tuesday night, and thanks to the fantastic BNB crew for all of your great work, in our community and elsewhere! You guys are an inspiration., Thanks to Time Out for including Tres Gatos as a Critics' pick on this Best Restaurants of Boston list. And thanks for mentioning our indie book & record store, it's a big part of who we are. Gracias!, Happy Rex Manning Day!, Happy Belated 100th Birthday to Billie Holiday!, Behold, the Mad Men Reading List!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS features some great reads from SUSAN CRANDALL, KEVIN KWAN, CRISTINA GARCIA, JIM THOMPSON, Herman Koch, Maria Semple, Margaret Atwood and many many more! Stop in and grab a perfect spring read!, Here's a track from the new Mountain Goats record, out today!, The Mountain Goats new album, Beat the Champ, is at Tres Gatos on CD and vinyl!, Happy Birthday Frank Black!, Now in stock at Tres Gatos, it's the latest from Sufjan Stevens, Carrie and Lowell, as well as great wax from M Ward, Destroyer, Caribou and more! Come get a perfect opening day album!, #Persephone: elderberry vodka, apple bourbon, pomegranate shrub, cava, Benefit Night for local heros Bikes Not Bombs tomorrow night! No one uses bikes as a "vehicle" for social change quite like BNB. They reclaim thousands of bikes each year and create/promote innovative programs that provide skill development, jobs and local transportation. Tres Gatos will dontate 10% of all store and restaurant sales tomorrow to this great local organization. Please join us and help us make it a proper party. Gracias!, One of the coolest records in the world, the Rolling Stones METAMORPHOSIS, at Tres Gatos on used vinyl and rarely if ever listened to! A perfect specimen!, Song of the Day, NEW VINYL AT TRES GATOS includes the newest LAURA MARLING, JESSICA LEA MAYFIELD AND SETH AVETT covering ELLIOT SMITH, CCR, plus the Who, Joy Division, Antlers, Gaslight Anthem and many more, as well as TONS OF BOOTLEGS from THE SMITHS, the Grateful Dead, U2, Depeche Mode, the Replacements and many many more!, New Books At Tres Gatos this weekend include the newest from ANNE TYLER, GARY SHTEYNGART'S memoir in paperback, the new Tres Gatos Book Club book Norwegian by Night, and many many more! Stop in for the perfect read., 2 weeks from tomorrow is RECORD STORE DAY, and Tres Gatos is the only place in Boston that offers you a huge selection of limited edition vinyl (doors open at 10am) AND tapas, wine, beer and cocktails in the afternoon and evening. Records will occupy the restaurant until 7pm this year! Free coffee all day.It's once a year, don't miss it!, Feeling lost in the conversation? Wondering what all your friends and coworkers have been talking about? Come get some fresh copies of Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie and it will all make sense., Elvis sings Monk? Yes please., Record Store Day is fast approaching. April 18th will be here before we know it. What are you most excited about? #rsd15, Song of the Day, We have Death Cab for Cutie's new album, Kintsugi, on vinyl, cassette, and banana!, song of the day, Tired of this weather? Come out to hear Cold Chocolate and their singular blend of bluegrass & roots with a dash of funk! Show starts at 8pm tonight and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., On this day in 1973, Dr Hook appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine., null, null, D'Angelo and the Vanguard #BlackMessiah: do you have your copy?, Brave the snow and come and find the perfect album for your weekend today!, You can never hold back spring
Even though you've lost your way
The world keeps dreaming of spring, NEW VINYL DAY HITS TRES GATOS, featuring great new wax from COURTNEY BARNETT and D'ANGELO, plus classics from THE POGUES, GRAM PARSONS, Sleater Kinney, Gorillaz, Kanye West, Lee Dorsey, Townes Van Zandt, Middle Brother and many many more! Stop in and give them a listen!, It's NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring great reads from Neil Gaimen, Erik Larson, Amy Poehler, Angela Carter, John Updike, Haruki Murakami, and many many more! It's a beautiful day and you deserve a beautiful new read, so stop by the bookshop for a great pageturner tonight., Thanks to everyone who came out to Women Who Rock Night at Tres Gatos! We had Adeles, Arethas, TLCs, Blondies and Robyns, and we appreciate all of you coming out and supporting your local music scene/singing with all your heart every month. Next month---Reggae, Ska and Dub Night!, In honor of the Porchfest Fundraiser tonight...., Tonight, come out and support a great cause, listen to some amazing music, eat some fantastic food and party with the neighbors!, Daffodil: limoncello, salers, cava, lemon #booze, Strawberry gin rickey: gin, fresh strawberry, muddled mint, tonic #booze, Happening right now at Tres Gatos, the amazing Morris and the East Coast!, Song of the Day, null, RIP to Left Banke co-founder Michael Brown from the 3 Cats, Whatever vinyl mood you're in this weekend, from JOY DIVISION to DR DRE, from JOSE GONZALEZ to MARVIN GAYE, from Muddy Waters to Haim to Ryan Adams to Bon Iver to Wu Tang Clan, Tres Gatos has you covered! Stop in for the perfect wax for your weekend!, Ola Gatos, our little sister CSC is like totally desperate for your help with #MunchMadness. She's a good kid, please vote here: http://ow.ly/KvpXl, Song of the day. Happy 19th!, Come out for our next benefit night in support of Bikes Not Bombs!, Our new website is up and running and we hope you'll give it a look (www.tresgatosjp.com). It's more friendly with your mobile device, the menus are up to date, and there's a calendar page that shows our events on a monthly basis. We'd love your feedback!, We've got great reads in stock from KAZUO ISHIGURO, KIM GORDON, Chad Harbach, Jonathan Franzen, Mary Roach, Kate Atkinson and many many more, as well as fantastic new vinyl from DR DOG, GRIZZLY BEAR, Chet Baker,Modest Mouse, Justin Townes Earle and many many more! Brave the wind and stop into Tres Gatos tonight!, null, song of the day, We have Tobias Jesso Jr.'s brand-spanking new album, Goon, on vinyl. It will make you want to start a relationship just so you can end it and listen this record., Don't be a stranger! Come to Tres Gatos and pick up Modest Mouse's new album, "Stranger to Ourselves"!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!, Two words. Four syllables. John Travolta., Tonight, join JP's own Erin Harpe and the Delta Swingers at Tres Gatos!, Our weekly Monday live music series continues with Erin Harpe & the Delta Swingers tonight, 8pm, no cover. Check out their fantastic new album, "Love Whip Blues." Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Dirty Old Boston author Jim Botticelli reading at Tres Gatos this afternoon. So much fun! Photo courtesy of Rhea Becker., song of the day, Tomorrow at 3pm, Tres Gatos warmly welcomes author Jim Botticelli to tell stories about the photos in his dynamite book Dirty Old Boston. Guests are encouraged to bring their old photos and tell stories that, when added together, form a surprising and inspiring photo of the history of our incredible city. See you at 3pm!, Private Presley was quite the DJ...., song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring classics from NINA SIMONE, RADIOHEAD, ST VINCENT, DEPECHE MODE, The Rolling Stones, Miles Davis, Tame Impala, The Shins, Kurt Vile, The National and many many more! Find the perfect wax for your weekend!, A short clip about our Porchfest Fundraiser, happening at 6pm on Monday, March 23rd right here at Tres Gatos!, We just got "Dead Wake", Erik Larson's new palm-sweatingly intense story of the sinking of the Lusitania. Come and get it!, null, Ladies and gentlemen, the Record Store Day Official List. We ordered everything we could, and now we just have to wait. We CANNOT WAIT for this year's sale, and hope you'll all join us on April 18th for a celebration of the coolest albums in the world., Best of luck to Adam and the entire Sanctuary team. The neighborhood will miss you guys and what you created. We wish you all the best with your future endeavors. Kind regards, the Gatos., Time for our monthly Bluegrass Jam, tonight at 8pm, all skill levels welcome. Thanks for supporting your local venues and musicians!, If you're a fan of graphs, you're in luck!, The first wave of records from BLUE NOTE RECORDS showed up today, about two weeks after we were authorized as an official Blue Note Vendor, and they featured some of the best jazz of all time, including SONNY CLARK, THELONIOUS MONK, Milt Jackson, Hank Mobley, Coleman Hawkins and many more!

Also in today: the debut album from WILL BUTLER of The Arcade Fire and classic LPs from LED ZEPPELIN, Morphine, Elliot Smith and many many more!, Our musical guests tonight, Nosy Mangabe., Phantom Gourmet is shooting at our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe, tonight! Go for dinner on the early side and you'll get a 20% discount. Say the Gatos sent you!, Vinyl lovers, the Official List of sanctioned Record Store Day releases will be announced tomorrow at www.recordstoreday.com. You can be sure that Tres Gatos is ordering heavily this year. Time to start making that wish list! #RSD15, Monday is live music night at Tres Gatos. Tonight, we're thrilled to welcome the highly melodic Anthropologists of Nosy Mangabe, who blend traditional music with delicious folk and pop strains. Show starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, We disagree., A week from today!, It's beautiful outside!, Happy Women's Day!, Channeling #LILO tonight with our new bartender's whim! Introducing the #CadyHeron: Pimm's, sweet vermouth, orange juice, cherry juice #booze, The clocks jumped, the snowbanks are melting, and flowers are getting ready to push up through the frozen crust. We'd like to thank all of our loyal friends for helping us get through a tough winter. For March, we have lots of great events: live music every Monday, our monthly Bluegrass Jam (this Wed), a "Dirty Old Boston" book event (3/15), a fundraiser for Porchfest (3/23), and JP Sings Women Who Rock (3/24). Hope to see you soon!, Ever wonder what happened to the "Whipped Cream Lady"? Well, now we know., song of the day, Much delayed due to bad weather, the Tres Gatos Book Club meeting for Where'd You Go Bernadette will FINALLY take place tomorrow at 3pm!, More presses means more records! Meow!, song of the day, Don't have tickets for the JP Porchfest Fundraiser at Tres Gatos on March 23rd yet? You can buy them online! Come on out and support a great cause, while listening to some of the coolest music in JP and eating from a special menu, including pulled pork sliders and fried chicken!, Tres Gatos and Ambassador Dave Grohl would like to remind you that Record Store Day is 6 weeks from tomorrow (4/18)!. We are placing MASSIVE final orders right now, and we assure you, there is an amazing selection this year. Say YES to surface noise! And yes, the Gatos will be drinking Dogfish Head all day!, Are your fingernails too long? Read this crime-novel that is much-more-than-a-crime-novel and your nails will be shorter! PS It's the next Tres Gatos Book Club book!, Are you addicted?, Incredible advancement or terrible hubris? You be the judge., NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, featuring new reads from LIANE MORIARTY, DANIEL HANDLER, MARIA SEMPLE, ANDY WEIR, Carol Brunt, Paula Hawkins, Junot Diaz and many many more!, #savethedate Thursday, March 5th, #TresGatos is hosting an art opening for this exciting local artist, Hilary Alder!, null, Next staff field trip? 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/03/03/cats-outnumber-people-on-this-mysterious-cat-island/?tid=sm_fb, Benefit Night for the SAMFund is tonight, featuring the music of Mark Lipman! Tres Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales tonight to this great local organization that provides critical financial support to young cancer survivors. Bring a group and let's make a party of it, before the next round of wintry weather hits. There is no cover and walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for your support!, Don't forget---all used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight in honor of Live Music!, song of the day, There's nothing like great live music to get your week off to a good start. Tonight, amazingly talented multi instrumentalist Andrew "Hacksaw" Harney (who's played with the James Montgomery band!) lifts our spirits with some jazz, blues and who knows what else. Show starts around 8pm, walk-ins are welcome.Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, null, It's March!, Vinyl Brings People Together., Melt Snow Melt!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring great new wax from PURITY RING, the debut album (and many more) from SIGUR ROS, the soundtrack to 1996's immortal ROMEO AND JULIET, the red-hot KATY PERRY, plus titles from Nick Cave, Otis Redding, Pavement, Sam Smith, The Rolling Stones, Leonard Cohen and many many more! Stop in and give them a spin!, Tres Gatos says RIP to local hero and legend of stage and screen, Admiral Spock himself. Leonard Nimoy. He lived long, and he prospered. He will be missed., Two creative new uses for that neglected space heater: PARKING  SPACE SAVER and SNOWBANK MELTER (seen near Tres Gatos today)! Why not rise above the cold this weekend, gather some friends and come in for some soul-satisfying paella (either vegetarian or Valenciana)? Happy almost-March!, Song of the day!, From our friends at Forced Exposure in Malden comes some of the coolest records in the world, including Toots and the Maytals, Jonathan Richman, Sly and Robbie, and many many more, from cool compilations to John Fahey concerts. Stop in and check them out!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring great new reads from KIM GORDON and RORY FLYNN, plus classics from George Higgins(staff favorite), Jess Walter, Miranda July, Raymond Chandler and many many more!, Congrats to our friends & colleagues at Centre Street Cafe (our baby sister) for the great review by Devra First in the Globe. We can't imagine having a better sister restaurant in the 'hood, and look forward to many years of creative back and forth between the cuisines and wines of Spain and Italy (and maybe even a few soccer matches)! We're proud of you. Love, the Gatos, Tres Gatos is thrilled to be recognized as a Blue Note authorized dealer, the first and only in Boston as far as we know! This means we'll be carrying most of Blue Note's fantastic monthly reissues, celebrating their 75th anniversary. We're honored to be part of this great collaboration between this legendary jazz label and the good folks at Record Store Day. Long live jazz!, Check out these amazing pictures-Questlove's record collection!-and then send Tres Gatos pictures of your record collections! We are the fanatics!, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from STEVE EARLE and JOSE GONZALEZ, plus TONY BENNETT AND LADY GAGA(fresh off her amazing Sound of Music tribute at the Oscars) and the FROZEN soundtrack. Also in stock--Vampire Weekend, Future Islands, Fleet Foxes, Santigold and many more!, All used vinyl is 10% off tonight in celebration of the Oscars!!, Tres Gatos and Centre Street Cafe are lucky to enjoy the talents of Owen and Lizzie, two-thirds of the forthcoming JP Beer Garden team. Check out their pop-up at Kirkland Tap & Trotter tonight from 9pm to midnight, no res necessary. In addition to beer flights, you'll enjoy Fried Bait Fish, Chicken and Duck Liver Pate, Grilled Duck Heart Tartine, Country Pork Ribs, and Fromage Blanc ice cream! We're proud of you guys!, Fight winter torpor: start your week with some space-rock-funk with Riding Shotgun, tomorrow (Monday) at 8pm, no cover. Winter sure ain't holding these guys back. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Happy 82nd Birthday Nina Simone!, Don't settle for just any record....find the record that is perfect for you!, Join us tonight for #tapas & #craftcocktails!, song of the day, The fantastic new read from DANIEL HANDLER is at Tres Gatos now!, null, song of the day, Song of the day!, Want to know how to ragoo hog's feet and ears? Come and get The Art of Cookery, America's most popular cookbook in 1776!, Looking to go beyond iPhone and Instagram at the dinner table? Learn how to take mouth-watering food photos like a pro at  Remember Forever Photography’s “Shoot it and Eat it” food photography workshop. The Gatos are excited to host this monthly class starting next Tuesday, February 24th at 6 pm. 
 
Space is capped at 10 students, call 781.205.9487 for details and to make a reservation. Use promo code “gatos25” to save 25% off the full-price class fee. Gracias!, null, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring classic reads from CHIMAMANDA ADICHIE, TOM WOLFE, Miranda July, Haruki Murakami, Charles Bukowski and many many more...we've also got some great used vinyl in stock from U2, DONOVAN, the Police, Peter Tosh, Memphis Slim, The Pretenders and many many more! Brave the frigid wasteland and come out to find the perfect book or album for you!, Did you know that today is National Drink Wine Day? We are going to get on that. Join us, won't you?, Gearing up for a big night tonight: #JPSINGS #1984. Come get your #drink on to some killer tunes!, Don't let the weather ruin your dream trip back to 1984. "JP Sings 1984" is tonight, and it's your chance to revisit your favorite songs of 1984. All musicians (and fans) welcome. Prince, REM, the Replacements, Pretenders, Echo & the Bunnymen, Van Halen, U2, the list goes on. Please join the Gatos for a night to remember!, Don't forget---it's Monday, and so, in honor of live music, all used records are 10 percent off at Tres Gatos!!!!, Tres Gatos says RIP to the incredible Lesley Gore, one of the all time great voices in pop music., Tres Gatos is now an authorized Blue Note Records dealer, which is an incredible honor. We are dedicated to bringing you not just the best jazz records, but best records, period., The Tres Gatos antidote for the (snowiest on record) February blues: replace those lost shoveling calories with some tapas, enjoy some swinging jazz with Dennison Blackett (tonight at 8pm), and pair liberally with wine, beer or cocktails. Hope to see you tonight!, In honor of the anti-Valentine's Day boogie-down tonight, as well as a reprieve from the storm of the century, all books, vinyl and CDs are ten percent off at Tres Gatos tonight! Come out, dance, cry, shovel out your car, and shop for the perfect blizzard buster for you., A particularly good anti-love song in anticipation of the Anti-Valentine's Day Fiesta tonight....., The Icebreaker Gatos is excited to announce that our anti-Valentine's Day Party scheduled for tonight is a GO! Walks are cleared (sort of), turntables are spinning, and some special Fernet cocktails are waiting. Doors open at 5:30, hope to see you tonight! Parking for dog-sleds readily available on our Catio!, Tres Gatos will be closed for brunch today, but open for a rockin' anti-Valentine's party tonight, featuring dark, moody music and Fernet cocktails! Sister restaurant Centre Street Cafe WILL be open for brunch today, thanks to fearless GM Alex Gang and a mid-blizzard egg drop (see below)., null, Tres Gatos says break out your most romantic vinyl and sit by the fireplace/space heater with the one you love., Happy Valentine's Day from Tres Gatos. We love you all., FEAST YOUR EYES!, Are you ready for another blizzard?, Need a perfect album for the next big storm/Valentine's Day? Tres Gatos has you covered. We got a big shipment in today, featuring FLYING LOTUS, JOHN CARPENTER, THE MOUNTAIN GOATS, STAX RECORDS, Otis Redding, The National, Serge Gainsbourg, Flaming Lips and many many more!, If you're a last minute planner and don't want to be left out in the cold for Valentine's Day, Tres Gatos has a wait list going, as we do expect cancellations due to more Arctic weather bearing down. Feel free to leave a message at 617-477-4851 and we'll call you back ASAP if a table opens up., This would make a Pretty Darn Terrific valentine's day present, Four Year Anniversary!, T minus 4 hours!, The Gatos asked Old Man Winter to give us a reprieve today and he said, "OK, maybe just a few flurries." OUR 4 YEAR BIRTHDAY IS HERE! Time to don that cat wear and get ready for a big, raucous, old-fashioned Gatos party! 6pm til who knows., From the new Father John Misty album....., The new Father John Misty is in stock at Tres Gatos on CD, LP and deluxe LP and it might just be the best album of 2015 so far! Stop by for a listen!, Zombie yeti's taking over the T, frozen slush filling the streets, monster icicles hanging over our heads: none of it can pop the balloon that is our 4 YEAR ANNIVERSARY PARTY! Tomorrow, 6pm to close, dance to Boogie Fever and more! Cat wear welcome but not required., Yes, Tres Gatos will be open tonight at 5:30, and yes, the beer will be cold (but you won't be!), The slots are filling up quickly for #Valentinesday ! Make your reservation today!, Happening Right Now!, song of the day, Tomorrow at Tres Gatos!, Introducing the #Bourbon #Blossom: #fernet, #rye, #bloodorange, #rhubarb. Available February 15th for our #AntiValentinesDay Party!, Come in tonight & try our new #Gambas a la Brasa: avocado, black garlic, fennel, cilantro, & lime!, Tons of new records pour into Tres Gatos today, including the newest from BOB DYLAN, the soundtracks to PULP FICTION and GOOD WILL HUNTING(among others), and great wax from HOZIER, Spoon, David Bowie, Billie Holiday, Miles Davis, The XX, Johnny Cash, Daniel Johnston and many many many more! Find the perfect album for your weekend!, Song of a Sunny and Cold Day, One cat says to the other, "Wow, that's a lot of snow." 2nd cat says to the third, "Doesn't matter, gatos don't stop for snow!" Next week in a nutshell (or snowball):
Sunday 2/8: Fire in the Field acoustic show, 3pm
Monday 2/9: Less Vegas trio (of Lars Vegas), 8pm
Wed 2/11: Our 4 year birthday party, 6pm, free bites!
Sat 2/14: Vday (still a few spots left!) 
Sun 2/15: anti-Vday party featuring Fernet cocktails and James Reed/Eric Doyle DJ party at 8pm. 

Third cat says to other two: "OK, I'm sticking around.", Can't do this with an mp3, Song of el dia!, We just got Nick Hornby's book "Funny Girl"! Haven't you always wondered what it was like to be an actress in a 1960's BBC sitcom? Wonder no more., Thanks so much to the Culture Trip and Graziano Scaldaferri for including Tres Gatos on this short list of best Boston brunches. Though our brunch is less well-known than that of our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe, the Gatos take brunch seriously, and as the piece points out, we take culture (books & music) pretty seriously too. Hope to see you soon!, Thanks to Boston Chefs for sharing the news about our anti-Valentine's party on Sunday, Feb 15, featuring Fernet cocktails, special loveless dishes (maybe squid ink paella), and the heart-rending DJ talents of James Reed and Eric Doyle., null, NEW VINYL DAY HITS TRES GATOS(finally, much delayed by snow) featuring the new DECEMBERISTS on CD and vinyl, TROJAN REGGAE BEATLES, the soundtracks to DO THE RIGHT THING, GONE GIRL and Guardians of the Galaxy, plus classics from Bob Marley, Leonard Cohen, Sylvan Esso, Sleater Kinney, Led Zeppelin and many many more!, song of the day, Tres Gatos turns FOUR next week, and we'd love for you to join our party! Next Wednesday, Feb 11, we'll be offering complimentary bites in lieu of our normal dinner service. Balloons are welcome, cat wear encouraged. Festivities start at 6pm., Thanks to Jacqueline Cain and Eater Boston for sharing this news about Tres Gatos being granted a full liquor license by the Licensing Board (still pending State approval). Also congrats to our friends at Ula Cafe!, Our patio is piled high with snow, but it's warm and cozy indoors, and if you join us for dinner tonight (or buy some records), you'll be helping 826 Boston! Tonight is our monthly Benefit Night, and we'll be donating 10% of restaurant and store sales to this organization that does so much to help young people improve their writing. Gracias!, Tres Gatos Is Open!, Tres Gatos will be open tonight at 5:30 to serve you hot tapas, red wine, beer and great music. Our scheduled live music has been postponed. We guarantee you a good meal and good company if you make the trek!, "No snow," said the radio.
"No snow," said television.
But snowflakes don't listen to radio,
Snowflakes don't watch television.
All snowflakes know is snow, snow, snow." 

From "Snow" by Uri Shulevitz, We googled 'vinyl football'. This is what we found. Pretty cool., Go Pats!, Song of the Day, Congrats to our sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe, for being featured on Boston Magazine's "Best Sandwiches in Boston" list. That's a great Meatball Parm (available for lunch Mon-Fri), worthy of a centerfold pic!, Ladies and gentlemen, Literary Burritos. No idea what to think of this, but the roster of authors is impressive., Join us this #ValentinesDay for our Four Course #PrixFixe featuring #paella! Make your reservations early, the seats are going fast!, From Tres Gatos regular in chief, Dan Crocker., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring DIFFICULT MEN by BRETT MARTIN, THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING by NAOMI KLEIN, DEPLOYMENT by PHIL CRAY, and many many more! Check in to get a great read!, We were all stuck in our houses for a while, but hopefully that gave everyone a chance to read or listen to something they'd been putting off. If you're still hanging around the ranch and want to tackle a massive undertaking, we've got Infinite Jest, we've got the Basement Tapes, and we've got everything in between, so stop in and tackle whatever it is you've been putting off., We hope you all had a wonderful blizzard and are dug out and ready to return to the world! Juno packed a punch, but we are back and waiting to serve you the best wine, tapas, tunes and reads in town!, Thanks to everyone who joined us tonight at Tres Gatos for a drink or two, and some great conversations. We are a neighborhood restaurant because of you. Here are a few quiet shots from a memorable evening., FEBRUARY First Thursday is right around the corner guys! Come to the Gatos and celebrate the talented Michaela Flatley!, null, In keeping with a proud Gatos tradition of not closing due to weather, we'll be open from 5:30 to ? tonight for wine and beer service only (and maybe some free snacks). If our lights are on, we hope you'll join us to share a toast, share some stories, and spin some records together. Gracias!, The Snowpocalypse has begun! Are you looking at the next few days and thinking you might be stuck in/around your house for a while? Time to curl up with a good book, and gather friends and loved ones and spin a great new record. Tres Gatos is open until 10pm tonight, providing you with the essential tools for getting through the storm of the century without succumbing to boredom and despair! Stay safe, everyone!, Come out and play with the Gatos tonight! Hot tapas + red wine + great music = a fun Monday night., Our next monthly Benefit Night is for 826 Boston, a highly respected organization "dedicated to supporting students ages 6-18 with their creative and expository writing skills, and to helping teachers inspire their students to write." Next Tuesday, Feb 3, the Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to 826 Boston. We hope you can join us, and thanks for your support!, Before the shoveling begins, swing by the Gatos tonight for some great American roots music with the hugely talented fingerpicker Martin Grosswendt and singer/ instrumentalist Susanne Salem-Schatz. Expect some blues, jazz, early country, and jug band tunes. Show starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Score one for actual books!, song of the day, null, Tres Gatos owner David Doyle loves zombie books and highly recommends Zone One by Colson Whitehead for a snowy day read; Atlantic by Simon Winchester was the book store manager Phil couldn't put down last year; Chef Nevin Taylor thinks Gabrielle Hamilton's Prune is one of the best cookbooks in years. Whatever book you need for a sleepy, snowy day, Tres Gatos has it., Perfect for a January day...., NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos features great wax from FELA KUTI, ANGEL OLSEN, WENDY AND BONNIE, 'THE BIG LEBOWSKI' soundtrack, Sharon Van Etten, Perfume Genius, Love, Beck, David Byrne, Marvin Gaye and many many more!, RIP Edgar Froese, To experience the spirit of Motown tonight, you could either fly a plane to Detroit OR you could stroll on over to Tres Gatos for JP  Sings Motown around 8pm. The choice is yours..., OMG OMG OMG! We just got the new Sleater-Kinney, new Belle and Sebastian and the Pixies' Doolittle 25 on vinyl! Come for the new records, stay for the enthusiastic record store employees!, Since we're not getting any snow, we might as well pretend it's almost Valentine's Day! Here's our prix fixe menu, now taking reservations:
VALENTINE’S DAY 
4 course prix fixe menu $55, optional drink pairings $29

ONE

choice of:
Steak Tartar: celery root, grilled bread
Black Bass Ceviche: avocado, pickled onion
OR
Meat and Cheese Plate for Two

TWO

Mushroom Ricotta Dumpling: ham broth, pecorino
OR
Grilled Carrots: buttermilk, pork belly, cilantro

THREE

choice of: 
Monkfish: chicory, walnuts, anchovy
Sirloin Steak a la Plancha: spicy broccoli
OR
Paella for two
choice of:
Vegetarian –  sweet potato, grilled broccoli, pickled peppers
Valenciana – shrimp, mussels, chicken, chorizo

FOUR

Buñuelos con Limón: ricotta doughnuts, spiced sugar, TCHO chocolate sauce
OR
Crème Caramel: candied satsuma mandarins, mixed citrus

We hope you'll join us!, Paella is back on the menu! Both Vegetarian (sweet potato, grilled broccoli, pickled peppers) and Valenciana (shrimp, mussels, chicken, chorizo). Bring friends, order some paella and a bottle or two of wine, and you'll forget it's winter. And tonight, it's served with a healthy dose of MOTOWN from 8pm on., song of the day, Motown comes to the Gatos tomorrow (Tuesday)! JP Sings Motown starts around 8pm, so if you're a local musician, time to put the final touches on that favorite song (or pick one and practice in a hurry)! All skill levels welcome, walk-ins welcome. Thanks for supporting your local Motown artist. Gracias!, Enjoy some swingin' jazz with vibraphonist Alfred Marra tonight. Show starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Thanks to amazing Erin Harpe and the Delta Swingers for coming out today and letting us spin their fantastic new album, Love Whip Blues, especially after playing 6 shows in three days. These guys rock!, Make sure your fire extinguishers haven't expired! Everybody who buys new vinyl at Tres Gatos today gets a FREE limited edition Modest Mouse 7" called "Lampshades on Fire"!! Get it while it's hot!, Erin Harpe and the Delta Swingers will be at Tres Gatos at 3pm tomorrow, meeting-greeting-spinning their hot new album-high fivin'-DJin'-holding court and bringing the blues. They are neighborhood legends, true pioneers of the JP scene, and we are so happy to have them here!, song of the day, We've got every SLEATER-KINNEY record, we've got RED HOT AND ARTHUR RUSSELL, we've got RADIOHEAD LIVE IN GERMANY, we've got NINA SIMONE, we've got Beach House and Green Day, Nirvana and Etta James, Beck and Alt J, but we don't have you! Stop by for some perfect new wax!, Thanks to Dante Ramos and the Globe for this story about the importance of small bars and restaurants being able to compete with larger establishments. It would behoove Boston to make it easier for small neighborhood restaurants to get liquor licenses. Fortunately, thanks to Ayanna Pressley and others, it seems like we're going in the right direction, but we still have a long ways to go. Gracias from the Gatos., If you don't have "Bad Brains", you'll "Leave Home" and run ( please don't "Fall") on the "Road to" Tres Gatos to "Jam" out to all the "Big Star"s we just got on vinyl!!, A big thank you to Rachel Leah Blumenthal and Eater for spreading the word about our upcoming City Hall hearing to upgrade from a cordial to a full liquor license. Nice explanation on the difference between the two! James Bond definitely prefers full liquor!, Big news from the Gatos: after numerous requests from guests for cocktails we can't serve with a cordial license, we're applying for a full liquor license! Our hearing at City Hall is next Wednesday morning (1/21). If you'd like to write a brief letter of support (community backing is critical), please send to LicensingBoard@cityofboston.gov. Thanks so much for your help., The monthly open bluegrass jam at Tres Gatos is tonight at 8pm! Bring your guitar or banjo and play with your friends and neighbors1, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring great new reads from ALI SMITH AND AMY POEHLER, the epic Inherent Vice from THOMAS PYNCHON, and classics from Erin Morgernstern, Nathaniel Philbrick, Tracy Kidder, Ransom Riggs, Sarah Vowell and many many more!, Vinyl Fashion Is Vinyl Passion., JP sings Motown is a week away, and there are still plenty of slots to sign up! As Yo La Tengo proves here, anybody can sing Motown!, Song of the day, #Vegetarian #Paella: sweet potato, broccoli, peas, pickled Hungarian wax peppers #food, Time for another Bluegrass Jam at Tres Gatos! Bring your fiddle, bass, mandolin, banjo, etc and help us stomp up a storm, tomorrow (Wed) at 8pm. All skill levels welcome., New Vinyl Day at Tres Gatos includes some classic cuts from BRUNO MARS, BON IVER, MADVILLIAN, SPOON, St Vincent, John Prine, Jeff Buckley, Grant Green, Robert Plant, Guns N Roses and many many more!, song of the day, Why not end this cold, wet day with some warm jazz and tapas? Tres Gatos is thrilled to welcome the Isabel Stover Trio tonight. Isabel is an amazingly talented and versatile jazz singer, backed by a superb guitarist and bass player. Show starts at 8pm, walk-ins are welcome, there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, The greatest used vinyl in the world is at Tres Gatos, including great wax from BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, U2, AC/DC. ELVIS COSTELLO, Leonard Cohen, Patsy Cline, REM, XTC, Tom Waits and many many more!, null, Impress your friends with the best wax in the world., song of the day, Sparhawks are coming!

Enjoy some great rock and roll tomorrow at 3pm at Tres Gatos! No cover. Bring your dancing shoes and your appetite for beer and great tunes!, In honor of our New England Patriots, tonight all used vinyl and all hardcover books are 10 percent off at Tres Gatos!, song of the day, Today, Tres Gatos gets an influx of used vinyl, including neat stuff like LEONARD COHEN, THE LLEWYN DAVIS SOUNDTRACK, TOM WAITS, ELLIOT SMITH, Mary Wells, Hank Williams, Led Zeppelin, The Byrds, Ike and Tina, Patsy Cline and many many more! Brave the cold and give them a spin!, Song of the Day, Thanks to Boston Chefs for featuring our Sassy Cat cocktail in this line-up of great cold weather drinks. Sassy Cat's also great for those who venture around the Pond (on foot) in arctic temps!, come warm up at the Gatos tonight with a hot coffee or glass of wine and a great new book. #shoplocal #wine #coffee #tresgatosjp #winterwarmer, Song of the [Happy Birth] Day!, If you're willing to make the trek to Tres Gatos tonight, we guarantee a warm reception, delicious tapas, and plenty of wine to warm your soul. Unfortunately, our doorman, Jack, took too long a walk around the Pond and won't be able to greet you tonight., During this dark, cold week for the free press, let's celebrate satirists everywhere. It's one of the higher forms of art, and incontestably human. Maybe read some Vonnegut, or The Onion's "Our Dumb World," or watch some Monty Python or the Colbert Report. A world without satire is a world without people., HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAVID BOWIE!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring great reads from MIRANDA JULY, LESLIE JAMISON, CHERYL STRAYED, LAURA HILLENBRAND, Tom Perrotta, Rob Sheffield, Sam Kean and many many more!, Thanks to Christopher Hughes and Boston Magazine for this great story celebrating Jamaica Plain's diverse eateries, which are now starting to get the attention they deserve. And thanks to Brian Rae (exec chef at Centre Street Cafe) and Tiffani Faison (Sweet Cheeks chef) for the kind words about Tres Gatos. Viva Jamaica Plain!, Nothing like good friends and good records on a snowy day...., The new and improved Tres Gatos Book and Record Sign!, Place your preorders now!, Vinyl is Art. 

In honor of live jazz from Paul Combs Trio tonight, all used vinyl at Tres Gatos is 10 percent off!

Brave the cold and listen to some hot tunes!, song of the day, First Benefit Night of 2015 is for Moyo International, a locally-based, entirely volunteer non-profit whose mission is to combat the root causes of poverty in East Africa. Tomorrow, the Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to this great organization. Please bring a gang of friends and join us for dinner and drinks (and maybe purchase a record or book) to help them out. Gracias!, Song of the Day, Come try our delicious new #dessert: Crème Caramel with candied Buddha's Hand, So this is the New Year...., TOMORROW!, IT'S NEW BOOK DAY(or night) at Tres Gatos, featuring these great reads and many many more!, SONG OF THE DAY(and New Year), The new year begins at Tres Gatos with NEW VINYL, including the triumphant return of Taylor Swift 1989 on CD and vinyl, plus great wax including "You Get More Bounce with Curtis Counce", the great comp "Fillet of Soul", Marvin Gaye "Let's Get It On", and classics old and new from Death Cab for Cutie, Sharon Van Etten, Miles Davis, Daft Punk, Brian Jonestown Massacre, The Velvet Underground and many many more!, Tres Gatos + New Year's Eve = tapas + cava + great music + late night dancing + vuvuzelas. A few reservations still available, and late night walk-ins welcome. Hope to see you tonight, and Happy New Year from the Gatos!, We just got this album on vinyl. It has 100 Grateful Dead performances of Dark Star packed into 1.75 hours. Mind....blown., Sick of staring at a screen while you listen to music? Looky what just arrived at the store..., THIS WEEKEND!, Tres Gatos has great new albums in stock from The Melvins, Whitney Houston, The Growlers, The Beatles, and many many more.

Also, back by popular demand, THE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY soundtrack on cassette tape. The coolest thing ever, simply put., A big thank you to Michael Brodeur for your touching farewell to Boston eateries, including Tres Gatos. We wish you all the best in Austin (great music town!) and have a piece of complimentary tortilla with your name on it whenever you visit JP! Gracias, y buen viaje!, Please help the Gatos welcome singer-songwriter extraordinaire Michael Tarbox (of Tarbox Ramblers fame) for our final show of the year, tomorrow at 8pm. As always, thanks for supporting your local musicians. We look forward to another great year of live music in 2015!, song of the day, We have Francoise Hardy's "Tous les garçons et les filles" on vinyl! C'est tres bien!, The songs of the sea...., SONG OF THE DAY, null, Tres Gatos is back and open for business at 530pm tonight! We all hope you had a lovely holiday, and can't wait to see you all soon!, song of the day, Happy Holidays from the entire Tres Gatos team. We'd love to celebrate New Year's Eve with you if you don't have plans yet. We're offering our regular menu with some special additions. There will be LOTS of cava on hand, and Phil will be spinning (literally) until 1am., Whether it's the newest book from Denis Johnson, a classic Waylon Jennings 45 RPM single, Gabrielle Hamilton's latest cookbook or the hit new album from Caribou, Tres Gatos has the perfect present for everyone on your holiday list. Stop into the shop(open til 10pm tonight and at 11am tomorrow) and find the perfect thing!, Song of the Day, One of the all time great vocalists is gone. RIP to the late, great Joe Cocker., In what is probably the last shipment of new vinyl before the holidays, we got some amazing wax from our friends at FORCED EXPOSURE, including BRIGITTE BARDOT, STEVIE WONDER, GRATEFUL DEAD, Francoise Hardy, The Ramones, Ike and Tina, Arthur Russell, Marilyn Monroe and many many more!, song of the day, All holiday trees have needles, but not all of them have grooves., Song of the Day, Today at 3:00PM!!! Come in from the cold and let ZenBeatz entertain you., The Gatos have two tickets to the sold out Boston Pops Kids' Matinee show tomorrow at 11am at a discounted price ($40 each, normally $63). Please call or stop by the store tonight if you'd like to purchase them: 617-477-9209. Happy Holidays!, A vinyl box set is an amazing holiday present. At Tres Gatos, we've got some great ones still here, including NEIL YOUNG from RSD Black Friday, the complete GRAND THEFT AUTO soundtrack, and BOB DYLAN: THE BASEMENT TAPES(RAW). These are some of the coolest records around and we want them to find a home this holiday season., Song of the Day, Some great new wax is at Tres Gatos, including the BEATLES "Long Tall Sally EP' in mono, the BECK 'Song Reader'(featuring Jeff Tweedy, Jack White, Norah Jones, Fun. and more), the NATURAL BORN KILLERS soundtrack(featuring Leonard Cohen, Patti Smith , NIN and more) and PHILIP GLASS. Also in-amazing records by Roy Orbison, Justin Timberlake, Matt Pond PA and many more!, Holiday Song of the Day, We got Seth MacFarlane on vinyl! Lolzy Christmas everyone!, Christmas song of the day, We have The Decemberists' The King Is Dead on vinyl. They're the artist of the month., Albóndigas are back on the menu. Get 'em while they're hot!, null, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from SHE AND HIM, great wax from LAKE STREET DIVE, NICK CAVE, SONIC YOUTH, John Coltrane, Tom Waits, Sharon Van Etten, Lorde, Alt-J and many many more!, The story of the rise(again) of vinyl..., It's New Book Day at Tres Gatos and we've got the perfect holiday read for you, whether it's a hot new release like the latest from MARILYNNE ROBINSON or MIRANDA JULY or a staff favorite like JIM HARRISON or GREIL MARCUS, or just a great book by Melissa Bank, Doris Kearnes Goodwin, Micheal Chabon and more. Stop in for some warmth, some laughter, and a great read(a glass of wine might not hurt either!), Christmas song of the day!, null, Song of the Day, Introducing the Crosley Dansette Bermuda, a beautiful turntable if we've ever seen one!, Hot music for a cold night, Cold Chocolate takes the stage at 8pm tomorrow at Tres Gatos to bring you the joyful noise you need!, We were so thrilled to get to listen to the new Coyote Kolb album today and host the band and friends as we spun 'Let it Show'. JP has an incredible local music scene, and the gigantic crowd was in large part comprised of folks from other bands, coming out to support one of their own. It was a great experience., Coyote Kolb "Let it Show" listening party happening now at Tres Gatos. 3 - 5PM!, new quarterlies in stock now! Diner Journal Kinfolk Gather Journal, Obsession can be good., We are so thrilled to be hosting the listening party for the latest album by Coyote Kolb tomorrow, and we hope you can all join us to celebrate this incredible band!, Two weeks out from Christmas, these are the three best-selling books at Tres Gatos, and we can see why! The perfect holiday book is sitting at Tres Gatos, waiting for you!, null, Song of the Day, It's new vinyl day at Tres Gatos, featuring incredible wax from TAYLOR SWIFT, THE BEATLES, SHE AND HIM, NINA SIMONE, The Rolling Stones, M Ward, Neko Case, Al Green, Clifford Brown, Destroyer and dozens more! Stop in and find the perfect holiday wax!, The story of a classic Christmas song...., Spreading music spreads joy., Now, a fantastic/terrifying music video. Who invited the Dylan?, It's New Book Day at Tres Gatos, and we've got the perfect present for everyone on your list, from the great new book from Amanda Petrusich to a modern classic from David Byrne, from the new Murakami to the book that won the Pulitzer Prize, Donna Tartt's The Goldfinch, and everything in between! Stop in and get the perfect read for someone special or yourself., May your days be soooo merry and bright!, What a great present this used vinyl Deja Vu would make for anybody anywhere. Why do I feel like I've already made this post?, Song of the day!, All used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight in celebration of live music from Nich Hathaway, and with great wax from THE BEATLES, MINGUS, BING CROSBY, PATSY CLINE, Charlie Parker, CSNY, Percy Sledge, Aretha Franklin, Mott the Hoople and more, you will NOT want to miss it! Come by for a spin and a beer!, Tres Gatos is one of the featured restaurants on foodnetwork.com's new "Boston’s Feed ’Em Trail: A Newcomer’s Eating Tour" story, and we are so excited! All of the restaurants on this list are fantastic and it's an honor to be mentioned beside them. Thank you, Foodnetwork.com!, Our weekly Monday night music series continues tonight with the supremely talented Nick Hathaway, who has previously appeared at the Gatos for Porchfest and our monthly tribute nights. Music starts at 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Happy 65th Birthday, Tom Waits!, Got a vinyl fan on your list? Tres Gatos has what they need this holiday! From LEONARD COHEN to AMY WINEHOUSE to MILES DAVIS, and everywhere in between, we've got the coolest wax in the world, and we want you to have it!, Song of the Day(yes, the one from Love, Actually), Thanks to Devra First and the Globe for this story about our recently opened sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe. Known by some as the new Italian restaurant in JP, and by others as a long-standing brunch spot with a new look and menu, CSC and team look forward to serving JP for many years to come! The Gatos appreciate your giving them a try., Our head chef Nevin Taylor is quoted in the new Boston Magazine saying that Prune by Gabrielle Hamilton is his favorite cookbook of the year, and we've got plenty in stock at Tres Gatos. As a matter of fact, we also have Plenty in stock at Tres Gatos. Cookbook joke. Congrats to Nevin, thanks to Boston Magazine, and stop on in today to support 826 Boston and pick up a great holiday gift for a loved one-or yourself!, song of the day, Shop w/ a Cause in JP today! Participating businesses will donate up to 10% of sales to an organization of their choice. Tres Gatos will donate 10% of book & record store sales today to 826 Boston, a fantastic organization committed to helping students write better. Thanks for your support!, song of the day, A used vinyl is a perfect stocking stuffer. And we've got some of the coolest records ever made, from Bealtes to Springsteen, Patsy Cline to REM, Grateful Dead to Pink Floyd, The Waterboys to Art Blakey, Depeche Mode to Joni Mitchell, all at low low prices for your holiday season!, Silly toys are OK too..., We got some red hot CD's for a cold December night! Chvrches, Angel Olsen, Kurt Vile and Wilco!, Don't forget to come by the Gatos tonight for First Thursday with live music by Quiet Cargo from 9pm-11pm.

https://www.facebook.com/events/299339833608156/?sid_reminder=4039783824152854528, null, For the foodie on your list, we got some wonderful cookbooks in today, including PRUNE, NEVER TRUST A SKINNY ITALIAN CHEF, INDIA: THE COOKBOOK, POLPO, and many many more! Also in stock for bookworms of all ages are great titles from Murakami, Gillian Flynn, George Higgins, Ray Bradbury and many many more!, song of the day, An early Present for you!, From our friends at Merge and Matador Records come some amazing re-issues and re-releases of classic albums from M WARD, YO LA TENGO, PIXIES and DESTROYER, perfect for the collector on your holiday list and loaded with bonus tracks and archival cuts. Check them out!, null, null, Our final Benefit Night of the year is tonight, in honor of Waltham Fields Community Farm. Please join us to celebrate this outstanding Farm, whose mission is to promote “local agriculture and food access through (their) farming operations and educational programs, using practices that are socially, ecologically, and economically sustainable.”

Waltham Fields Community Farm supports local hunger relief and food access efforts by providing fresh produce to emergency food programs in the Greater Boston area. They also operate a special farmer’s market for low income residents of Waltham, engage in farm-to-school distributions with the Waltham Public Schools, and offer subsidized CSA shares.

Tres Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales tonight to the Farm, and our menu will feature produce from the Farm. Please bring friends and family and let’s make a party of it! Thank you for your support., Jay Gates, one of the world's best Rod Stewart impersonators, plays  Gatos at 8pm tonight. No cover, and folks, he is the real deal., All used vinyl is 10 percent off tonight, including PINK FLOYD, CREEDENCE, BAUHAUS, BRUCE, The Cars, Van Morrison, The Mission UK, The Kinks, Lynard Skynard, the Allman Brothers and many many more!, And now it's December!, Thank you Knoefel Longest and Eater Boston for spreading the word about our application for a full liquor license. We look forward to offering our guests a wider assortment of cocktails, as well as a curated Scotch and bourbon list. Gracias to all of our loyal supporters!, null, null, Jay Gates, JP's own Rod Stewart, is playing here tomorrow night at 8pm. We hope he breaks out this one., JP's own Jay Gates takes the stage at Tres Gatos on Monday to play all your favorite Rod Stewart songs. Anybody got any requests?

8pm, no cover., Support small business on this Shop Small Business Saturday! With an American Express Card you can get up to $30 back! Shop extra small by getting one of our many 45's from black Friday!, null, Thanks to everybody who came out during the Black Friday sale(going on til 11pm) and supported their local record and bookshop by picking up some of the coolest records and merch in the world. STILL HERE--ONE DIRECTION, the turntable. And insane new vinyl by First Aid Kit, Miles Davis, The Ramones, Outkast, Diplo, Johnny Thunders, The Velvet Underground and many many more! Come out for a record/cat cookie, a cocktail, a good 7 inch single and who knows, maaaaaaybe a One Direction turntable?, Black Friday is today!, In thirty minutes we open for Black Friday!, Happy Black (well, white) Friday from the entire Tres Gatos team. We are now busy blanketing the restaurant with some GREAT limited edition records for your listening enjoyment. Doors open at 10am with free coffee and cookies, bar opens at 2pm., a morbid little song of the night, Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Tres Gatos, and don't forget-Friday morning at 10am, we will be opening early for the biggest sale of the year, featuring special edition vinyl from the people behind Record Store Day as well as sales on books, CDs and turntables, record and cat cookies(free while supplies last!) and a special brand new cocktail. We hope to see you all for the sale of the year, and a good chance to mingle with friends old and new!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring the latest from MARGARET ATWOOD and HILARY MANTEL, great new reads in paperback from JONATHAN LETHEM, KAREN RUSSELL, Mindy Kaling and more, and classics from Angela Carter, George Saunders, and many many more!, CALLING ALL CATS! We have the thrill to be showing a new artist next month ----> Micheal  Marafitte. We will be celebrating such thrills with an OPENING PARTY on FIRST THURSDAY Dec. 4th. Check out the event: 

https://www.facebook.com/events/299339833608156/?ref_dashboard_filter=upcoming

MUSICAL GUESTS! Quiet Cargo will be playing 9pm-11pm, In response to numerous requests from guests for classic cocktails, and other drinks like Scotch and bourbon, that we are not able to offer with our current license, Tres Gatos is applying for a full liquor license! Our local hearings take place next week as follows: with the Pond Association at 111 Perkins St at 7pm on Monday; with the Neighborhood Council Public Service Committee at Curtis Hall on Tuesday at 7pm. If you'd like to write a letter of support, you may drop it off at Tres Gatos or send to muse3@comcast.net. Thank you for your support!, SONG OF THE DAY, NEW RECORD DAY! We've got the new TV ON THE RADIO on LP and CD, the brand new BOB DYLAN vinyl box set, the hot wax from IGGY AZALEA, plus M Ward, Spoon, Caribou, Postal Service, Beck, David Bazan and many many more! Find the perfect Turkey Day album tonight!, Happy New Record Day! We've got the brand new DAVID BOWIE compilation, NOTHING HAS CHANGED, plus great wax from FKA TWIGS, the DARK WAS THE NIGHT compliation, LCD Soundsystem, Pearl Jam, Matthew Sweet, Jack White and many many more!, song of the day, Multi-instrumentalist Andrew Harney and the Jack Light Preachers come to Tres Gatos tonight to liven the room with some great music. Show starts around 8pm and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, We love this sticker! First person to guess the used album it's stuck to (artist and title) by replying to this post wins the album! This week, as we give thanks to everything great in life -- family, friends, cats, trees, water, food & wine -- let's not forget to be thankful for VINYL!, J Mascis of Dinosaur Jr. is covering Mazzy Star on a 7 inch record, to be released on Black Friday!, What Vinyl on this List is the Coolest?, song of the day, The Big Lebowski Soundtrack on vinyl for the first time is one of the Black Friday releases we are looking forward to the most!, Join the event and tell your friends!

From the people who brought you Record Store Day comes Black Friday, a celebration of the rarest, coolest, most unique vinyls under the sun.

This is THE place to be on Black Friday for the biggest vinyl releases of the year, and if you've got someone on your list whose a major record hound, we have the purr-fect(get it?) gift for them!

We open at 10am, the bar opens at 2pm, we will have cookies and coffee, books, CDs, turntables and other items across the store will be on sale, and it's a great chance to mingle and meet your friends and neighbors and get some of that pesky holiday shopping done., A week from now, while others are wrestling, jostling and cursing at malls and megastores, you can join us at Tres Gatos for a relaxing, all day celebration of limited edition vinyl (see below). Doors open at 10am, we'll be offering free coffee and record cookies, a special Black Friday cocktail, and a sale on all kinds of cool CDs, records and books. Hang out with friends and enjoy looking for that special gift stress-free!, Monster Movie by Can contains the best Krautrock cover of an English nursery rhyme from 1969. And we have it on vinyl. Get it!, Here's how it works!, Song of the Day, We're excited to announce that our final monthly Benefit Night this year will be for Waltham Fields Community Farm on Tuesday December 2. The mission of the Farm is to "promote local agriculture and food access through (their) farming operations and educational programs, using practices that are socially, ecologically, and economically sustainable." We will donate 10% of restaurant and store sales that night, and our menu will feature produce from the Farm. Please join us to celebrate and support this critical local farm. Gracias!, null, Last night was 1994 Tribute Night at Tres Gatos, and some of our friends and neighbors got together and played great stuff by Pavement, Pearl Jam, Weezer, Sloan, Green Day, NIN, Ace of Base....but WHERE was Liz Phair? No Liz Phair? That's a shame., NEW BOOK DAY at TRES GATOS, featuring MARIA SEMPLE, AMY STEWART, THOMAS MENINO, KEITH RICHARDS and many more, from Murakami to Pamuk, from Adichie to Delillo, and many many more! Get a hot read for a cold night!, Ariel Pink aka "the most hated man in indie rock" released a brilliant new record today that's been described as "David Crosby covering 2pac" and we have it! Get it while it's hot!, Program your VCR to record tonight's episode of Mad About You so you can come to Tres Gatos  for Songs of 1994 Open Mic Night! 8pm sharp!, Thank you mk and MG for your very kind words about Tres Gatos, and for your loyal support. Thank you for loving us for who we are, records, tortillas, occasionally too-loud music and all...!, Gatos chef Nevin Taylor rocked it last night at Boston Magazine's Taste event, serving grilled carrot juice with agave nectar, chili flakes, buttermilk and yogurt. How many carrots were juiced to make it all happen? Nevin only knows., At 8pm sharp tonight, Tres Gatos warps time and space and returns to 1994 for this month's open mic tribute night. You might hear Weezer, Blur, Morrissey, Soundgarden, Beck, Nas... only time will tell. Celebrate some of the great songs of 1994 with the Gatos tonight!, Tres Gatos warmly welcomes Patrick Coman to the stage tonight for some great folk and blues!

8pm, no cover., Song of the Day, Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday!

Bring your A-GAME, JP!, Tres Gatos friend James Reed of the Boston Globe travels to Nashville to explore Jack White's Third Man Records, a label we work with and love!, Song of the Day, Trabanco,one of the premier traditional ciders from Asturias, is now available on draft at Tres Gatos! Supply is very limited, and Tres Gatos is one of the few places in Boston that has it! Fermented in chestnut barrels, this cider is dry, aromatic and refreshing, with some sediment and a little funk. Guaranteed to change how you taste and think about cider., SONG OF THE DAY, TOMORROW!, song of the day, GIGANTIC NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring the latest from FOO FIGHTERS and FLAMING LIPS, classics from NO DOUBT and BIG STAR, and great wax from Talking Heads, Gem Club, Adele, Sisters of Mercy, Brian Eno, Nirvana, Velvet Underground, Joy Division, the White Stripes and dozens more!, Cosmic sound or new Bjork single? You be the judge., Gather the whole family around for listening pleasure!, null, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring cookbooks old and new, classic novels, and much much more! Stop in to take a look!, COME ONE COME ALL!, Grab a banjo join the hoedown tomorrow night at our open mic bluegrass night! It's a great chance to meet other bluegrass musicians while enjoying quality food and wine. Music starts at 8, all are welcome!, song of the day, Our record shop manager is excited on this, NEW RECORD DAY, as three of his very favorite albums of the year are back in stock at Gatos. If you haven't picked up the new SPOON, RYAN ADAMS or NEW PORNOGRAPHERS yet, you really should. Also in stock, the latest from Alt-J, War on Drugs, Weezer and many many more! Stop by and give them a listen!, Our Monday night music series continues tonight with Catfish Howl. These guys play an infectious blend of Zydeco, blues and roots. Show starts around 8pm, and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Fall is Book Weather and New England is Book Country., No lie-November is Sweet Potato Month., Song of the Day, You might have a Vinyl Problem., Blasting into the weekend!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY JONI MITCHELL!, It's Friday!

Put another record on!, It's a Vinyl Universe., November is National Novel Writing Month...., This month at the Gatos our very own Raleigh Strott is up! Don't forget to stop by tonight for first Thursday. Relax, enjoy a glass of wine, and enjoy the esthetically pleasing and thought provoking works of one of the gatitos.
Raleigh Strott and Tres Gatos proudly present "Super Sonic Youth", a small works show. In this exhibition Strott takes comic book superheroes, and their sexist subplots, out of context and couches them in feminist discourse provided by Kim Gordon's essays. Working within the comic book aesthetic, Strott reimagines this male-dominated sphere of culture with wit and candor to create a new, humorous reading of deleterious female representation., Come out to support JP Porchfest 2014 at Bella Luna next Monday! Porchfest is a great event that brings musicians to your neighborhood(sometimes even on your stoop) and spreads the neighborhood vibe that we all love so much about Jamaica Plain. We participated in Porchfest 2013, and plan to again this year, and everybody should get out there to help them raise funds! Bella Luna, next Monday, 6pm!, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos featuring RICHARD FORD, KATE ATKINSON, NATHANIEL PHILBRICK, ZADIE SMITH, Mary Roach, Sam Kean, Neil DeGrasse Tyson and many many more!, Our much-anticipated sister restaurant in JP, Centre Street Cafe, is NOW OPEN DAILY for dinner at 5:30. It's an Italian menu featuring house-made pastas, and the wine list is predominantly Italian as well. They plan to resume the long-standing weekend brunch tradition, as well as offering a weekday lunch menu, in the near future. Like them on FB for all of the latest updates, and thanks for giving them a try!, Behold, the largest one floor library in America. And it was built out of a Wal-Mart., With Record Store Day: Black Friday approaching, we take the time now to thank everyone who has taken part in the vinyl revival with us. It's an adventure, and all of you are our co-pilot on it. We will continue to stock the coolest new and used records in the world, and are now actively gearing up for the sale of the century. More to come...., song of the day, The Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack on cassette is one of the Black Friday releases we are looking forward to the MOST this year!!!!!, There is just something about a gray rainy day and a good record, isn't there?, Song of the Day, HAPPY BOOK LOVERS DAY!, null, Two books recently arrived that we are very excited about....DIRTY OLD BOSTON BY JIM BOTTICELLI, one of our favorite blogs come to life in book form, and MADDADDAM BY MARGARET ATWOOD, the third and final chapter in her dystopian trilogy that started with Oryx and Crake more then ten years ago, and it's in PAPERBACK! Grab a good book on a rainy day!, We don't know about you, but today is a bloody mary morning for us...., TRICKS AND TREATS AT TRES GATOS, as new record day falls on a spooky Halloween....LED ZEPPELIN, IRON MAIDEN, CHET BAKER, TAYLOR SWIFT, White Stripes, PJ Harvey, My Morning Jacket, Thelonious Monk and many many more!, halloween song of the day!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN FROM TRES GATOS!, From our friends at FORCED EXPOSURE come some awesome new records, including great wax from STEREOLAB, GIL SCOTT HERON, the LOUVIN BROTHERS, SLY STONE, Marvin Gaye, Aretha Franklin, The Band and more!, It's National Cat Day! So the Gatos salute some of our favorite Gatos!, Spooky Song of the Day, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring HP LOVECRAFT, ANTHONY MARRA, DAVE EGGERS, JOE HILL, Junot Diaz, Shirley Jackson, and many many more!, Ssssssssspookiest song of the day, null, A great piece from the 50 Best Restaurants List about the most played music at Tres Gatos, as determined by our record store manager, and really, by all of you! Let's keep dancing!, We are humbled and flattered to be featured as one of the 50 Best Restaurants in Boston in the new issue of Boston Magazine, and we want to thank all of you, our loyal guests, for your continued loyalty to the 3Cats. We promise to continue to bring you the highest quality food, drinks, books, records, live music and events into the future, and we raise our glasses to you all and hope you'll join us in a meow!, Vinyl is Tradition., Spooookiest song of the day, RIP to Jack Bruce, bass player for one of the great rock trios of all time, Cream, as well as one of their key singers and songwriters. Turn this up LOUD., null, spooky song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY, featuring TOM WAITS, LOU REED, NINA SIMONE, BEYONCE, Death Cab for Cutie, Warren Zevon, Joe Pass and many many more!, This is going to start a few fights....also, Counting Crows?!? Really?, SPOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, null, null, null, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring Naomi Klein, Ann Patchett, Anna Quindlen, Jodi Picoult, Lena Dunham, Gillian Flynn, HP Lovecraft, and many many more!!!!!!!!, The Black Friday album I am personally the most excited about-----record store Phil, Can you sing better then a Bowie? Find out tonight at Tres Gatos., Tonight at 8pm, no cover, come and do your best Bowie, dress up as crazy as you can, and maybe win a Tres Gatos gift card!, In honor of live music tonight, all used vinyl at Tres Gatos is 10 percent off!!!!!!!, Molly and John storm the gates of Tres Gatos tonight at 8pm. No cover!, Getting ready for Bowie night....., Are you prepared for David Bowie Night?, Go Team Vinyl! It isn't even the holidays yet, and already the numbers are staggering., spoooooooky song of the day, We would like to thank the person who invented the term 'shelfie', we think you should read this article, we think everyone should have a good bookshelf full of things that drive, intrigue and challenge them, and we invite you to send us YOUR shelfies here or at @tresgatosjp on Instagram., NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring great wax from BANKS, LEONARD COHEN, THE CURE, U2, Neil Young, The Knife, Belle and Sebastian, and many many more!!!!!!!!!, song of the day, Listen to vinyl together., We are slowly but surely getting ready for our annual BLACK FRIDAY blowout sale, one of the craziest days of the year for us, and one of the most fun. As new titles get announced, keep Gatos posted on releases you'd like to see on the shelves come post-Turkey Day., song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, with great reads from IAN MCEWAN, CHARLES BUKOWSKI, JOJO MOYES, PIPER KERMAN, Nick Hornby, Jhumpa Lahiri, and many many more!, song of the day, Prints framed and unframed are still up and available for just a little while longer at the Gatos! So come drink some wine and invest in some of Sam Kontny's amazing stuff tonight, tomorrow, ALL WEEKEND!, Tonight, the one and only, the mighty, the mythic, the harmonzin' rhapsodizin' philosophizin' FERRIS MUELLER and his set of Motown meets Cowtown-whiskeyfied soul. Come one, come all, and see the songsmith at work! No cover-9pm!, song of the day, Vinyl is Love., song of the day, TOMORROW!!!, Introducing the Tres Gatos Record Tree!, SONG OF THE DAY, Looking for some great jazz to enjoy with your brunch? Check out Daniel Winshaw's amazing bass playing at 11am today. He even caught Wynton Marsalis' ear!, Song of the Day, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring the newest from WEEZER, HOZIER, LEONARD COHEN, LADY GAGA AND TONY BENNETT, as well as classics from Jimi Hendrix, Fela Kuti, Belle and Sebastian, Diplo, Bright Eyes and many many more!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, featuring incredible reads from LENA DUNHAM, ZIA HADER RAHMAN, ROBERT SIMONSON, Gillian Flynn, Ruth Ozeki, Sarah Waters and many many more! Stop in for the perfect read!, null, null, So many records. All the records. We've got any record you could ever want, ya'll. FUNKADELIC, MOGWAI, AFGHAN WHIGS, JOY DIVISION, Lightning Hopkins, Pulp, REM, Buddy Guy, The Meters, Mazzy Star, Mission of Burma, Jesus and Mary Chain, James Brown and so so so many more! All looking for a new home!, Getting ready for Records from the Rat...., Tomorrow, Tres Gatos and The Fenway launch a pop up record store tribute to the Rat Nightclub at 1377 Boylston Street, next to Sweet Cheeks. Records will be sold, spun, hung from the ceiling and stomped on. Thanks to Dan McCarthy and DigBoston for the amazing article!, Tonight at Tres Gatos, come out and support an amazing local organization and listen to some fantastic music from Erin Harpe and Love Love!, Some photos from PETTY PARTY! We hope to see you all at David Bowie Night on October 21st at 9pm!, From our friends at Merge Records comes the newest release from CARIBOU(currently rocking an 8.6 on Pitchfork), the debut album from EX HEX, featuring Mary Timony, of Helium and Wild Flag, and the first-ever-vinyl appearance of "The Gasoline Age" by EAST RIVER PIPE, a classic alt-record finally on wax! Stop by and give them a spin!, On Thursday, Tres Gatos will launch a pop up record store next to Sweet Cheeks in the Fenway, celebrating the bands that played at the legendary Rat nightclub in Kenmore Sq. There will be DJ sets, there will be amazing records for sale, and we cannot wait to see you all! #momnpopup @thefenway, Rise Up With Fists!, Don't miss one of JP's coolest space blues acts, RIDING SHOTGUN, when they storm the gates at Gatos tonight!, NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS!!!!!!! We've got the latest from LUCINDA WILLIAMS, BLONDE REDHEAD, LUCIUS, COURTNEY BARTNETT, Gary Clark Jr and Shellac, plus classics from Talking Heads, Pixies, Big Black, Aerosmith, Husker Du, The Replacements and many many more!, song of the day, song of the day, Solid advice., song of the day, We recommend TOM WAITS 'MULE VARIATIONS' for these haunted New England nights..., From Tres Gatos friend and hero, Dan Crocker, here is your song of the day., New Book Day this weeks features the next Tres Gatos Book Club book, SILENCE BY SHUSAKU ENDO, the newest from SARAH WATERS, and HOW WE GOT TO NOW BY STEVEN JOHNSON, as seen on PBS!!!!!!, Introducing the Tres Gatos spooky song of the day, just for the month of October. Any requests and suggestions, send them to the Gatos. Now, here's a great track by a local band we love very much., NEW ALBUMS AT TRES GATOS----including the latest from ALT-J, the long awaited new APHEW TWIN album, a classic re-issue from THE JAYHAWKS, and the latest from TY SEAGULL. Find the perfect rainy day album for you!, NEW ART AT THE GATOS! Join us this Thursday for the First Thursday Opening of Sam Kontny's lovely works. A collection of silkscreens and etchings are on display for the month of October!

When? Thursday 8pm
Where? The GATOS
WHY?! COS IF YOU DONT YOULL WISH YOU HAD

All the pieces that are up are for sale either framed or unframed!, Thanks to the Improper and Jacqueline Houton for including chef Brian Rae's Pizzoccheri Lasagna in this list of featured dishes from soon-to-open restaurants. Centre Street Cafe is Tres Gatos's sister restaurant just down the street, and we're still shooting for a mid-October opening. , song of the day, Tres Gatos is doing a pop up record store in the Fenway on October 9th! More details to follow, but in the meantime: do any of you have albums by The Atlantics, Del Fuegos, Buffalo Tom, The Neighborhoods, Gang Green or other Boston-based 80's punk and new wave bands you'd be willing to sell for store/restaurant credit, or let us use for DJing that day? If so, write the Gato FB page and let us know!, LOVE LOVE PLAYS AT TRES GATOS TONIGHT!, Our Monday night live music series continues tonight with one of our favorite local bands, Love Love, fronted by Chris Toppin, one of the creative forces behind the much-loved Boston band Fuzzy. Show starts at 9pm and there is no cover. Pic below shows Chris and Jefferson Davis rockin' out at the JP Music Festival. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Our book and record store manager Phil gets a little blurb in the Literary section of the Boston Globe today. Thanks guys!, Now, allow us to preach....., Song of the Autumn Day, We should open our own pressing plant. Who's with us?, null, song of the day, Weekends are for listening parties., NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the newest wax from JUSTIN TOWNES EARLE, DELTA SPIRIT, BONNIE PRINCE BILLY, JEFF TWEEDY and more, plus classics by Funkadelic, Miles Davis,Cocteau Twins, Depeche Mode and many many more!, null, We are happy to announce the next open mic tribute night at Tres Gatos will be JP SINGS: A VERY BOWIE HALLOWEEN, October 21st at 9pm, costume party and singalong and general tribute to the man, the myth, the Martian, David Bowie. More to come. , Forecasters say we're gonna get a warm, sunny weekend, so we hope you'll join us for brunch, afternoon tapas, or dinner on our patio!, From our friends at Sub Pop, we have new albums on vinyl and CD from KING TUFF, SARAH SILVERMEN, and GOAT!, It's a H. P. Lovecraft kind of night., NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from IAN MCEWAN and enchanting reads from WOODY GUTHRIE and ELYSSA EAST, fantastic gothic short stories from Bradbury, King, Poe, Hawthorne and more-just in time for Fall!-and other classics from Richard Yates, Shirley Jackson and many more!, VINYL NEVER DiE is a great website for those obsessed with records, and today they shared this photo, which we thought looked awfully familiar.....these are our pastry chef Allyson West's cookies from Record Store Day 2013, given to the first customers to arrive....anyway, we're proud of Allyson and her cookies, becoming famous across the vinyl landscape., Anybody got a case of the Mondays?, Song of the Day, Our Monday night live music series continues tonight with Duo Choro Brasil, with Adam Bahrami on 7-string guitar and cavaco, and Catherine Bent on cello. Expect choros, forro, samba and beyond!, Thanks to Kara Baskin and the Boston Globe for sharing this exciting news about Centre Street Cafe, our sister restaurant in JP, opening next month. We now have on board an amazing sous chef, Stephen Marcaurelle, who was recently sous chef at Clio. , In honor of JP Open Studios this weekend, all used vinyl at Tres Gatos is 10 percent off today!, song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring wax from GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY to PHISH, PULP TO HOORAY FOR EARTH, Vampire Weekend to Donny Hathaway, White Stripes to Van Morrison, and everything in between!, Happy Open Studios Everyone!, Need some sustenance for a long day of Open Studios? Fuel up with a Tres Gatos brunch, enjoy some great music from Sterling Rhyne, and check out Corinna d'Schoto's beautiful oil paintings on display at Tres Gatos (she's a Gato!). Tapas served all day, and our patio is still open. HAPPY OPEN STUDIOS!, NEW BOOOOOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring the best in cookbooks and classics, nonfiction and essays, and everything in between to give you the perfect read for the bedside, the backporch, the T or the tea room., Song of the Day, Join us tonight for a flight of three elegant red wines, perfect for this in between fall weather. We'll be featuring three vintages of the revered Vina Tondonia by Lopez de Heredia; '94, '01, '02., Be sure to make us one of your stops for JP Open studios this weekend. Our very own gato Corinna D'Schoto's beautiful oil paintings are up so come on by!, null, null, Man, we are grooving on the new Interpol album. Listen for yourselves!, Live music with Rob & Zoe (accordion and mandolin) at 9pm tonight. There is no cover, and walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., We are in love with the new Ryan Adams album, and the video for the lead single has Elvira in it?!? What's not to love?, We cannot believe Funeral is ten years old today, can you?, Thanks to Jessica Polizzotti and 10Best for including Tres Gatos in this list of 10 Best Healthy Boston Restaurants. Chef Nevin Taylor sources all of our ingredients with great care, and prepares them with the same, so to be included on this list means a lot to us. Gracias!, On this rainy Saturday, we say throw a vinyl party!, song of the day, Wanna come to a reading for a great Boston based who-dunnit by an up and coming mystery novelist? You're in luck, we have one tomorrow at 330pm! Ray Daniel will be reading and discussing his new book, Terminated, at Tres Gatos while we drink, toast and dish. See you there!, TRES GATOS has the new albums in stock from RYAN ADAMS, KAREN O and INTERPOL!!! We've also got classic titles from Johnny Cash, Radiohead, FKA Twigs, War on Drugs, Francoise Hardy, Etta James and many many more! Stop by and give them a spin!, On Sunday at 330pm, mystery novelist Ray Daniel will be at Tres Gatos, reading and signing his new book "Terminated". For those of you who love a good potboiler, come out and celebrate this fantastic literary talent!, A great cover we hope they play at Between the Sheets tonight...

, Did you know Tres Gatos GM Caitlin Amaral is DJing with the Boston Globe's James Reed tonight at River Gods? If you can't make it to Tres tonight, or you're on that side of the river, check it out., NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!!!, Today in 1994, Oasis 'Definitely Maybe' reached #1 on the pop charts., From our friends at Merge Records comes the new LAMBCHOP album, as well as classic cuts like ARCADE FIRE and SPOON, among others. The first 20 customers tonight also get a copy of the Merge Fall Sampler on CD, featuring the hottest Merge acts., Our wine flight tonight features three light-bodied but firm reds, perfect for cool weather patio sipping. We'll be tasting '12 D. Ventura "Vina do Burato," '10 Anima Negra AN/2, and '11 Bodega Maurodos "Prima." Bring a sweater, you'll be fine!, Bluegrass Jam at Tres Gatos tonight, all musicians welcome to join us for a little fiddlin', stompin', and hollerin'. Music starts around 9pm, walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians and venues!, Local guitar legend Michael Tarbox storms the gates at Tres Gatos tonight at 9pm! No cover!, song of the day, Find the perfect used record today, from the EASY RIDER SOUNDTRACK to BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD'S GREATEST HITS to KATE BUSH: THE WHOLE STORY to thousands and thousands more...., LIES......, If you're looking for some great live music this afternoon, we hope you'll swing by the Gatos and check out Patrick Coman. A native of Oklahoma, Patrick has won a huge fan base in his adopted hometown of Boston with his fantastic roots music. Show starts around 3pm, tapas available until 5pm (dinner starts at 5:30). Thanks for supporting your local musicians., IN HONOR OF THE JP MUSIC FEST, everything at the Tres Gatos Book and Record Store(except turntables) is 10 percent off! All hail the Squirrel!, Setting the stage(s) for a great JP Music Festival. The first music fan to arrive, Dylan Doyle, the littlest Gato, wondering when the other kids are gonna show up. If you need a snack, or a drink, and don't want to wait in line at a food truck, run up the street to Tres Gatos -- we'll be serving tapas (and cold beer!) all day and night. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Join us for some thought provoking jazz from Alexander Anderson today at 11am at Tres Gatos!, TURNTABLES RETURN TO TRES GATOS....JUST IN TIME FOR THE JP MUSIC FEST!,  The Jamaica Plain Music Festival starts in 2 and a half hours!, NEW ALBUM NIGHT hits Tres Gatos, featuring great wax from SHOVELS AND ROPE, SUN RA, TUNE-YARDS, THE KNIFE, The Beatles, Herbie Hancock, Lake Street Dive, New Pornographers, and many many many more! Stop in for a listen!, NEW BOOK DAY(night) HITS TRES GATOS, with fantastic new reads from DAVID MITCHELL, MARIE-HELENE BERTINO, REBECCA MAKKAI, HARUKI MURAKAMI and many many more, as well as classics from authors ranging from John Kennedy O'Toole to Julian Barnes. Come in and pick up a great early fall read!, Song of the Day, The Jamaica Plain Music Festival is tomorrow, highlighting the best in local music as they rock and roll and stomp and shake at the field at Pinebank, overlooking Jamaica Pond. It's a great chance to come out and discover great local talent, plus enjoy food trucks and local merchants, not to mention the company of your friends and neighbors. Tres Gatos is a proud stage sponsor and will be running the merch booth as well, so be sure to come out and support the best musicians in Jamaica Plain!, song of the day, null, The quickest way to any Gatos heart is a good album....., Well, this HAD to happen...., Benefit Night for the Hyde Square Task Force is tonight! This is one of our finest local non-profits, doing invaluable work "to develop the skills of youth and their families so they are empowered to enhance their own lives and build a strong and vibrant urban community." Tres Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to the HSTF tonight. Thanks for your support., Here's our entry for Matador's display contest for the New Pornographer's new album, "Brill Bruisers." Our cats weren't crazy about posing with a matador, but got distracted by the great music. We urge you to give this one a listen, and thanks to Matador for the fun challenge, and to the New Pornographers for another great batch of songs!, If you see cats running around town (or maybe even out of town) today, that's because Tres Gatos is closed. Happy Labor Day everyone!, Look, folks! We are a trolley stop!!, null, ALL USED RECORDS ARE 10 PERCENT OFF AT TRES GATOS!!!!!!! Neil Young, Bruce Springsteen, XTC, Elton John, Wes Montgomery, Jimmy Smith and thousands and thousands more! Tres Gatos is open and waiting for you!, NEXT WEEKEND!, SONG OF THE DAY, Dallas Magazine says we are one of the ten best places in the country to drink and shop for music! Go Dallas and go us!, Chris is playing at Tres Gatos on September 29th and October 7th, folks!, MEN AT WORK!, Fruits of my Labor(Day), NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring lots and lots of FELA KUTI, some classic titles from NO DOUBT and DAN DEACON, THE WAR ON DRUGS and Future Islands(our record store manager's two favorite albums of summer), plus great stuff from Bob Marley, Dr John, Arcade Fire and more! Stop in and give it a spin!, song of the day, The next open mic tribute night at Tres Gatos is September 16th and the artist we are celebrating is TOM PETTY! Inquire within!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from AMY TAN in paperback, "Americanah"(our book club book! Oct 12th!) back in stock, classics from GORE VIDAL and JACK KEROAUC, plus more, from Edith Wharton to Haruki Murakami!Stop in for the perfect end of summer read!, To celebrate this late summer burst of heat, we're featuring three Spanish Rosés for our wine flight tonight: '13 La Cuna de la Poesia, '13 Raventos i Blanc La Rosa, and NV Castellar Brut Rosé. Let's stretch this summer out as long as we can!, Also out today-----Tana French's newest book, THE SECRET PLACE, in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, NEW RELEASES right and left from our friends at Sub Pop and Matador Records, featuring the newest wax(and CD) from J Mascis, The New Pornographers, Shabazz Palaces, FKA Twigs, and more, plus classic restocks from The National, Pavement, Beach House, The Postal Service and many many more! Stop in and give them a spin tonight!, TONIGHT!, Tonight join the Gatos for Fleetwood Mac Night, featuring the residents of JP doing their best Stevie Nicks impressions! We can't wait!, Our next monthly Benefit Night is for the Hyde Square Task Force, which provides invaluable support, mentorship and training to more than 1200 JP and Roxbury youth and their families every year. By transforming individuals, and giving them hope, the HSTF helps to transform our community and make it a safer, richer place to live. 10% of restaurant and store sales will be donated to HSTF that night (Sept 2). Thanks for your support!, TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!, Come one come all to the event of the year! Raw bar, fernet, rock and roll, DJs and all to benefit the JP Music Fest! See you there!, TOMORROW!, We hope to see you all tomorrow for the event of the year, Tallahassee at Tres Gatos! Featuring Forts/Gainsville, DJ Wilcoxxx, Fernet Branca, a raw bar and dancing David Doyles!, null, Your collection is sacred. Flaunt it., We are so excited for the Jamaica Plain Music Festival Fundraiser here on Monday, featuring a raw bar, fernet, a DJ set, and the mighty and morphin' Tallahassee! , NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos! We've got FELA KUTI, JP's own DEBO BAND, SHABAZZ PALACES, BETTY DAVIS, Jeff Buckley, Nina Simone, Cream, Djano Reinhardt, David Byrne and St Vincent and many many many more!, Fleetwood Mac Tribute Night is coming up this Tuesday. We still need more people to sign up! Wanna be Lindsay Buckingham or Stevie Nicks for the night? Inquire within., Tres Gatos Book Club is tomorrow!, Three big days of music coming up at the Gatos: on Sunday, Jen & Henry from ALOUD play a free show at 3pm. On Monday, doors open at 4pm for a JP Music Fest fundraiser featuring a set by Forts/Gainesville and two sets by Tallahassee, plus a RAW BAR! On Tuesday, it's Mac Attack, an open mic celebration of Fleetwood Mac. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, The number 2 song in America on this date in 1982 and a killer video!, Kansas City has the right idea! Let's do this, JP!, NEW BOOK DAY hits TRES GATOS, featuring a great read for everybody in the family, from graphic novels to business memoirs, great fiction and fantastic travelogues, and everything in between!, Our bookstore manager-and some of our favorite regulars-were at this show last night. Watch Arcade Fire cover the Pixies!, A big thank you to Eater and Rachel Leah Blumenthal for including our JP sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe, on this list of Boston's Most Anticipated Fall Restaurant Openings! We're honored to be put in such good company. , " I thought I saw Lauren Bacall
  I thought I saw Lauren Bacall
 ....hey fellas? Hey fellas! Lauren Bacall!"
, Don't forget, in honor of live music at Tres Gatos, all used records are 10 percent off, including classic wax from SPRINGSTEEN, BLONDIE, JANET JACKSON, THE FACES, Supertramp, Fats Waller, Ramsey Lewis, JJ Cale and thousands more!, Fundraiser for the JP Music Festival happens one week from today! At 4pm, Tres Gatos transforms into a RAW BAR, Forts/Gainesville plays a set at 5pm, followed by Tallahassee sets at 7 and 9pm. $15 suggested donation. Special Fernet cocktail. Good libations, good crustaceans, good vibrations!, Tax free weekend is almost over and these amazing records still need homes!, Tax Free Weekend Rolls On......, Our weekly Monday night music series continues tomorrow with Cold Chocolate, who play a bewitching blend of bluegrass and roots music, with a dash of funk, and some really great upright bass. Show starts at 9pm, there's no cover, and walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, The Sausage Pancakes debuted to rave reviews yesterday! Also new on our brunch/ weekend menu: our popular Lamb Bocadillo, served with a fried egg and cilantro salsa verde; Sun Gold Tomato Salad served with corn, basil and pecorino romano; and Chickpea Salad with green goddess and hakurei turnips. Come on the later side and hear Downtown Music perform at 3pm. Happy Sunday!, song of the tax free weekend!, TAX FREE WEEKEND continues at Tres Gatos!! Had your eye on a hardcover book, turntable or double vinyl? Now is your chance to get it ON THE CHEAP. We are here and waiting!, What's new for brunch at Tres Gatos? Merge the flavors pictured below in your mind and you'll end up with... YES.... SAUSAGE PANCAKES, served with grilled corn butter and maple syrup. Please give 'em a try and let us know what you think!, Tres Gatos kicks off TAX FREE WEEKEND with great wax from MY MORNING JACKET, THE SMITHS, DR DRE, Led Zeppelin, Bill Withers, Bruce Springsteen, Fleet Foxes, King Curtis, Blondie, Lykki LI, Judas Priest and many many many more!, Our bookstore manager takes the plunge, via David Doyle...., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the new KATE ATKINSON in paperback, some great reads from AMY STEWART, the real PIPER KERMAN, the genius and madness of ANTHONY BOURDAIN, plus Madeline Miller, Neil Gaimen, John Irving and many many more!, Today in 1955, Etta James hits #1 on the R&B chart with "The Wallflower" and #6 on the R&B chart with "Good Rockin Daddy". Both singles are released on the Modern label.

, It's Tom Perrotta's birthday today, and so, to the author of Election(and Little Children and the Leftovers and...), we send this birthday song!, From our friends at Baker and Taylor, formerly just a book distributor but now breaking into the vinyl game, comes some great wax, including THE CURE, the ANIMALS, DEAD WEATHER, Songs: Ohia, Art Blakey,. Elmore James and more.....also, we are so excited for THE INVISIBLE BRIDGE by RICK PERLSTEIN, and hope you are too! This book looks amazing and it's in stock at Tres Gatos!, The Dude's favorite discs...., Tonight's wine flight features three Mencias from northwestern Spain. Mencias are known for being light, slightly earthy and very reflective of their terroir. This region is getting more attention as modern winemakers are producing Mencias that are more concentrated and complex than in the past. We'll be tasting '12 Armas de Guerra, '12 Viña do Burato, and '07 Castro de Valtuille. Enjoy!, Take vinyl with you., We never had a friend like him., FINALLY, its here! It's out! It's on sale! COLORLESS TSUKURU TAZAKI by HARUKI MURAKAMI is at Tres Gatos and ready for you to come and love it! Who will answer the call?, RIP to a comedy genius and a true legend, Robin Williams. The world is a little less sunny and bright today., DONT FORGET! All used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight to celebrate our live music, including THE BEATLES, PAUL SIMON, BILL HALEY, THE MIAMI VICE SOUNDTRACK, The Cars, Ray Charles, The Beach Boys, Jeff Beck, George Harrison and many many more!, song of the day, Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for including in "News of the Week" our excitement about Brian Rae as head chef for our sister restaurant Centre Street Cafe, opening this fall with a reinvigorated brunch menu and a brand new Italian lunch and dinner menu (with wine list to match). , Our weekly Monday night music series continues tomorrow with the Daniel Winshall jazz trio. Wynton Marsalis recently singled out Winshall at a Boston Arts Academy event and said, "My man on the bass, you are an unbelievable bass player." So come check him out! Show starts at 9pm and there is no cover., Forts/Gainsville has joined the bill as our opening band at this year's JP Music Fest fundraiser at Tres Gatos and we are so thrilled!, song of the day, Via the Gatos own Kim Whorton, a touching article about one man making a big big difference in the world of vinyl and music in general...., null, LET'S EAT!, The Tres Gatos team is thrilled to announce that the head chef of our soon-to-be sister restaurant, Centre Street Cafe, is Brian Rae, who's been working the past five years as chef de cuisine at Rialto. Brian lives in JP, loves the idea of a frequently changing menu featuring locally sourced ingredients, and of course, is pretty keen on pasta. Thanks to Christopher Hughes and Boston Magazine for sharing the great news! , Renowned saxophonist Phil Scarff treats the Gatos to live jazz for brunch today, starting around 11am. Phil is a master of different styles and we guarantee you'll be impressed., NEW VINYL DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the newest from SPOON on CD and vinyl, the new TOM PETTY(his first number 1 album ever!), the GARDEN STATE SOUNDTRACK(on vinyl for the first time), classics from THE FEELIES, as well as wax from Kenny Dorham, Future Islands, Lake Street Dive, and many more!, Today in 1981, MTV broadcasts REO Speedwagon in concert, the first televised concert in stereo and the first in MTV's weekly series of Saturday night concerts., Happy First Thursday everone!, It's Ben's first solo shift in the bookstore! Come on by and see what this rookie is made of., Vinyl can be villainous., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring some additions to our cookbook section from NIGEL SLATER, the Momofuku Milk Bar, Ottolenghi,Todd Selby and many more, plus a bunch of classics from HARUKI MURAKAMI(new book out next Tuesday!), Song of Achilles(The JP Reads Book we had the fundraiser for last night), and many many more, ranging from John Green to Kurt Vonnegut, Margaret Atwood to F Scott Fitzgerald....find the perfect August book!, Our wine flight tonight features Garnacha, which comes in both red and white varieties. We'll be tasting '11 Celler Pinol "Ludovicus" Blanco, '13 Cuna de la Poesia Rosado, and '11 Bodegas Nekeas "El Chapparal." Below are some pics of where these wines come from., Guard the galaxy and listen to mix-tapes., null, JP Reads deals with all kinds of books. Children's books. Biographies. Novels. We are proud to be hosting a fundraiser for them. Here's a song about the one kind of book they don't deal with(we think)., Benefit Night for JP Reads tonight. 10% of store and restaurant sales donated to this great local organization. They'll be announcing their author/book of the year tonight (last year it was Junot Diaz!) Lots of special events to come! Thanks for your support., Don't forget---all used vinyl is 10 percent off tonight as we host live music from John Stein!, August is Water Quality Month, and the Pacific is an awful lot of water. Here is a great lost classic cut from a fantastic and underrated album. Let's keep our oceans clean and our beards cleaner!, Internationally renowned jazz guitarist John Stein performs for the Gatos tonight at 9pm. Walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Daryl Brown's book event today was absolutely fantastic and he told some funny stories, some gut-wrenching ones, and filled out a full picture of an American legend. Plus, did you know James Brown jammed with Miles Davis in 1971?, Congratulations to Rachel and Taj....there was an elaborate and beautiful proposal from Rachel, featuring a video on an Ipad starring cute kids, dogs, and our bookstore manager Phil, and then the entire bar burst into applause-and tears-as Taj said yes. Tres Gatos is for lovers., Here's the promo for "Inside the Godfather," the book by James Brown's son, Daryl, who will be at the Gatos today at 3pm for a reading and Q&A. Hope you can join us! , 45 RPM coffee table. 'Nuff said., If you ever wondered what it was like to work in a record store, we can now explain it to you, in song form!, Looking for some great music with your brunch? Check out the fabulous Sterling Rhyne duo today at the Gatos, 11am. Thanks for brunching with your local musicians!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS! We've got the latest wax from JENNY LEWIS, we've got BEYONCE(featuring 24 music videos and a coffee table book), we've got JAMES BROWN and TOM WAITS, not to mention Rebirth Brass Band, Arthur Russell, Beach Boys, Augustus Pablo, Serge Gainsbourg, Bleachers and many many more!, Daryl Brown storms Tres Gatos on the strength of his new book, Inside the Godfather, on Sunday at 3pm. Start thinking of questions for him about growing up with James Brown, and in the meantime, watch these moves!, Thanks to everybody over at UrbanDaddy for the shout-out to our Sunday book event for Daryl Brown, son of the godfather of soul, James Brown!, Thanks to Zagat for spreading the word about our exciting author event this Sunday with James Brown's son, Daryl. The movie is getting some good buzz, but if want to ask Daryl a question or two in person, here's your chance! , NEXT TUESDAY!, null, Need the perfect beach read? Tres Gatos has you covered., The Gatos send our Song of the Day out to the man, the myth, Jon Lester. Happy trails, buddy. You were a true ace. See ya on Telegraph Avenue., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring great reads from Madeline Miller(fantastic local author), Dalia Jurgensen(fantastic pastry chef), Chimamanda Ngozi Adiche(probably the book of the year), Simon Winchester(the book our bookstore manager has been rambling about for weeks), as well as Kerouac, Flannery O'Connor, Donna Tartt, Bruce Chatwin, Marilynne Robinson, and dozens more! Stop in for a perfect mid-summer read!, Today in 1954, Slim Whitman, Billy Walker, Sugarfoot Collins, Sonny Harvelle, Tinker Fry, Curly Harris and a young Elvis Presley, all appeared at the Hillbilly Hoedown, Overton Park Shell, in Memphis Tennessee. Elvis was so nervous he stood up on the balls of his feet and shook his leg in time with the music, when he came offstage he asked why people were yelling at him. Someone told him it was because he was shaking his leg, which with the baggy pleated pants created a wild gyrating effect in time with the music.

, Thanks to Dig Boston for the shout out about our book event with Daryl Brown, son of the-one-and-only James Brown, this Sunday at 3pm. Expect a reading and Q&A. Tapas menu will be available. Event is free., Tonight's wine flight features two whites and a red from northeast Spain. These distinctive, bold wines come from three different regions in this beautiful corner of the country. We'll be tasting '12 Gramona "Gessami" (Penedes), '11 Conreria D'Scala Dei "Les Brugueres" (Priorat), and '10 ROQ "R-OH*" (Montsant). Happy July!, Here's the line-up for this year's JP Music Festival. Tres Gatos is proud to be a stage sponsor once again. Make sure you mark your calendar -- this is one  live music event you don't want to miss! Thanks for supporting your local musicians. , The Music of the Cosmos!, James Brown son Daryl will be at Tres Gatos, reading and discussing his new book "Inside the Godfather", on Sunday at 3pm. We are thrilled beyond belief. And if you need a reminder of why James Brown matters, look at this footwork! This is the man who started a revolution, saved Boston, and introduced the world to pure soul., We can pretty much guarantee that Tres Gatos is the only Boston record store to have original and un-opened copies of Fuzzy's "Electric Juices". These folks are JP rock royalty and this is one of the best records to come out of Boston, ever. DIG IT!, A great little write up in JP News...., In honor of the good folks at JP Reads, the next subject of our Benefit Night series...., The next Benefit Night happens a week from tomorrow and will be for JP Reads. Their goal is to create a community-wide celebration around a single author and book each year by hosting an author talk and a variety of other events. Last year the author was Junot Diaz, and this year's pick will be announced at the event! 10% of restaurant & store sales will be donated to JP Reads. Thanks for your support!, Start your week right with some live bluegrass at the Gatos tomorrow night with Matt Witler. Show starts around 9pm, and there's no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., A week from today! Book on sale now!, Can you guess which Tres Gatos staff member(s) performed this last weekend at Porchfest?, HIS FIRST ALBUM!(good choice, buddy!), tomorrow!, null, null, Today in 1976, John Lennon's application to remain in the U.S. as a permanent resident is approved at a special hearing.

, Next Sunday!, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, with great new wax from DELTA SPIRIT, MIDDLE BROTHER, RILO KILEY, THE LEMONHEADS, Faces, Lorde, Modest Mouse and more, and fantastic used wax from Billie Holiday, Paul Simon, Ray Charles and many more! Happy weekend!, Now at Tres Gatos as a 45rpm single, one of the most exciting new albums of the year...., In addition to some of our favorite designs, like the Collegiate and CR40, we are happy to introduce two new Crosleys for sale at Tres Gatos, the Oval-ain't it cool?-and the very classy Patriarch. Come by and check them out!, Behold-the new Book and Record Store Sign!, We've got some killer wax in stock, including the new JACK WHITE(back by popular demand), MIGHTY MIGHTY BOSSTONES, WEEZER, THEY MIGHT BE GIANTS, Bob Dylan, Lloyd Price, Sum 41 and dozens more! Give 'em a spin!, If you haven't heard of Higher Ground Farm, it's about time you did. Started by John Stoddard and Courtney Hennessey (also a top-notch Gatos bartender), it is Boston's first rooftop farm, located on top of the Boston Design Center. They provide fresh greens, tomatoes and herbs to a variety of Boston retailers and restaurants, including Tres Gatos. Check out the luscious cherry tomatoes in our "Monkfish a la Plancha." Cheers to Courtney and John for pulling off such an amazing, and much-needed, rooftop feat! Go to http://higher-ground-farm.com/ for more details., New Book Day brings some fantastic beach and backyard reads in from Ann Patchett, Mary Roach, Simon Winchester, Michael Chabon, Ben Fountain, Jennifer Egan, and many many more! Grab your perfect lazy summer day read!, Some great used records on the shelves today, including classic wax from TALKING HEADS, U2, CYNDI LAUPER, The Temptations, The Four Tops, Tim Hardin, Phil Ochs, and most important, Mister Fred Rogers!, Can you guess which Tres Gatos employee sang this at JP Porchfest this weekend?, Given the hot weather, we're rolling out three Txakolinas for tonight's wine flight. These are widely regarded as being perfect outdoor summer wines, with high acidity and a slight spritz, making them ideal for paring with lighter tapas. We'll be tasting '13 Ameztoi "Rubentis," "Getariako," and "Stimatum." Hope you can join us., We are accepting pre-orders for the new New Pornographers record now...., song of the day, Can you find Tres Gatos GM Caitlin Amaral in this article?, If you're curious what's going on with Centre Street Cafe, here's the low down: a Tres Gatos-based team has bought the Cafe and has begun a major renovation. We plan to open with a fresh new look this fall, will continue to offer a similar weekend brunch, and will introduce an entirely new Italian lunch and dinner menu, featuring house-made pasta. Please like us at https://www.facebook.com/Centrestreetcafejp and follow our progress. We'd love to hear your thoughts, suggestions, wishes, etc. We can't wait to open our doors to you, and thanks for your support! , Can you guess which Tres Gatos staff member covered this song at JP Porchfest? NO CHEATING!, In the words of Phil Collins, this is TONIGHT, TONIGHT, TONIGHT!, Dan Tebo, man of mystery., null, null, Please join us tonight for some great old rock n roll with one of our favorite local bands, Riding Shotgun. Show starts around 9pm, there is no cover, and walk-ins are welcome. Happy Monday!, null, Thanks to everyone who came out to Porchfest yesterday and saw the Gatos staff, and friends, sing and play their hearts out. We can't wait for next year!

Here are some photos from around the 'hood! Pics of Gatos upcoming!, Hot off their Porchfest set at 108 Chesnut Ave yesterday, Morris and the East Coast play at Tres Gatos at 3pm today! Stop by and see one of the coolest bands in JP!, TODAY!, song of the day, New Record Day hits Tres Gatos, featuring the newest from FIRST AID KIT, MORRISSEY and Sia, as well as classics from IKE AND TINA, LUNA, The Cure, The Band, M83. Ornette Coleman and many many more!, Porchfest is tomorrow!, JP Porchfest is tomorrow, all over your neighborhood, and at Tres Gatos, that means live music from our Head Chef, our GM, our Record Store Manager and more....does Gatos have talent? You'll see., Today in 1959, Billie Holiday died. One of the all time great talents of the last century and a truly unique voice., Pictures from JP Sings Nilsson! All photos by Brittany Hathaway., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring THE LOWLAND by JHUMPA LAHIRI in paperback(finally!), THE LEFTOVERS by TOM PERrOTTA(the basis for the HBO series!), the LOST CITY OF Z by DAVID GRANN(one of the best summer adventure reads ever!) and a slew of great cocktail books, includiong APOTHECARY COCKTAILS(we love to drink!), plus classics from Murakami, Chabon, McMurtry, Adichie, McCarthy and many many more! Brave the rain and grab a great read!, Tonight's wine flight features Godellos, full-bodied, minerally wines with bracing acidity that pair well with seafood or green vegetables. '11 Amizade, '12 Les Trois Amis "Audacia," and '12 Rafael Palacios Louro do Bolo. Enjoy!, Don Draper is the only one who DOESN'T like the Beatles on vinyl. But we have an awful lot of them here at Tres Gatos., song of the day, Thanks to everyone for coming out and playing, singing, watching, listening, drinking and dancing at JP SINGS NILSSON last night. Our next tribute open-mic night is.....FLEETWOOD MAC! Dust off those songbooks and guitars and start practicing now, everybody!, Out today and on vinyl at Tres Gatos.....THE PRODIGY 'THE SINGLES 1990-2005'...a great reissue of COCTEAU TWINS 'BLUE BELL KNOLL' from 1988....the latest by REIGNING SOUND, out of Memphis....and coolest of all, THE CLEAN ANTHOLOGY, featuring 46 tracks by David Kilgour and company.....stop in and give them a listen!, Tonight!, Our bookstore manager Phil is quoted in this article about JP Porchfest, coming up this Saturday from 12-4 at Gatos and all over JP!, TONIGHT!, null, THE SILKWORM, the latest from ROBERT GALBRAITH/shhh JK ROWLING, is at Tres Gatos in hardcover and is the book event of the season!, TOMORROW!, song of the day, Our weekly Monday night music series rolls on into the teeth of summer tonight (heat? humidity? T-storms? we're ready!) with the duo No Bones About It! Start your week right with some bluegrass and classic folk. Music starts around 9pm, there is no cover, and walk-ins are welcome as always., null, Some Harry Nilsson for your morning....., Have you signed up yet for Nilsson Night at Tres Gatos?, null, null, Phil the record store manager's favorite album of 2014, The War on Drugs "Lost in the Dream", is back in stock at Gatos on vinyl and CD and is simply a MUST LISTEN. This is a fantastic album., Today in 1936, The Monroe Brothers make their first recordings for the Bluebird label, an RCA subsidiary.

, The Gatos welcome back supremely talented jazz duo Sasha Kern (guitar) and Rob Flax (violin) for our Saturday brunch. Music starts around 11am, walk-ins welcome., NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring First Aid Kit, War on Drugs, Future Islands, Alt-J, T Rex, Harry Nilsson, T Rex, William Shatner, Etta Jones, Fela Kuti and dozens more!, SONG OF THE DAY, null, Inquire within!, From our friends at Matador Records comes a restock of some of our very favorite records from the last few years. All of these albums are, to us, essential listening. Dig in!, TRANSATLANTIC by COLUM MCCANN is at Tres Gatos in paperback and we are so excited!, this was steadily working its way up the charts today in 1961...., Bruce Springsteen stars in The Road? Well, sort of. Check out this awesome post-apocalyptic short film he made for his newest single!, A few days after the actual date, but we now have FOURTH OF JULY CREEK BY SMITH HENDERSON in stock at Tres Gatos!, Number 1 today in 1963..., Celebrate the summer heat with our Rioja rosé wine flight. Tonight, we'll be tasting 2013 La Cuna de la Poesia, 2013 Ontañón Clarete, and 2013 Luis Alegre Rosado. These are highly refreshing and full of character, perfect for patio sipping. Enjoy!, Woo-hoo! Attack of the wax!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOUIS JORDAN!, A big thank you to the Improper Bostonian for voting Tres Gatos best JP restaurant! It's a huge honor, and we will do our best every day to keep earning that respect. Gracias! , Don't forget, in celebration of live music tonight, all used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos, including great wax from Ray Charles, Supertramp, The Pretenders, Aretha Frankin, Ella Fitzgerald, Kate Bush and about 10,000 more!, song of the day, Our weekly Monday night live music series rolls on tonight with Hoot and Holler, a duo that is well known in Boston and beyond for their great mix of American folk and Appalachian fiddle music. Show starts around 9pm and there is no cover. Walk-ins are welcome. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., The three best selling vinyls of the year so far, as of 4th of July, are JACK WHITE, THE BLACK KEYS and ST VINCENT. Which is your favorite?, Gatos regular Dan Crocker tells us that both Mick Jagger and Kate Bush were born in July. As such, we will be posting great covers of, and originals by, these two artists, starting with one of the widlest Stones covers out there...song of the day, Tres Gatos celebrates this holiday weekend with some of the coolest records of all time, including THE BEACH BOYS, OTIS REDDING, BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, PEARL JAM, The Black Keys, Joni Mitchell, The Impressions, and many many more!, Happy Belated 4th of July, everyone!, null, null, Do you need the perfect record for your 4th of July party? Do you need a good beach read(or windowsill read, if the storm is vicious)? Tres Gatos has everything you need, and we are open til 11pm tonight!, song of the day, Ride the Vinyl Wave. Tonight Tres Gatos got in 500 new records to get you through the summer haze. From the classics-Beatles, Stones, Bob Marley, Johnny Cash-to the road less traveled-Bad Brains, Alton Ellis, Circle Jerks-to the absolutely bizarre-Robert Mitchum Sings Calypso!-we've got it in stock. Hundreds of the coolest jazz, blues, rock, punk, hip hop and soul albums of all time, here for you. Happy Summer., song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! Need the perfect beach read for the 4th? Something to sit with in the park, the garden, or bumper to bumper Cape traffic. We've got it at Tres Gatos, from The Boys in the Boat, which is making a huge splash(puns!) right now, to some of the hottest reads out there, from GONE GIRL to FAULT IN OUR STARS to THE GOLDFINCH, to the next Tres Gatos Book Club book, WOMAN UPSTAIRS by CLAIRE MESSUD(meeting July 27th at 3pm), to classics by Brautigan, Vonnegut, Joyce and many many more!, A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came out for the ReVision Urban Farm Benefit Night last night! Chef Nevin Taylor featured produce from the Farm on the menu, and we donated 10% of our sales to the Farm. Thanks also to all of the Farm and Victory Programs staff who attended the event, and helped to promote it and make it such a success. Gracias!, null, Chadley Kolb returns to Tres Gatos tonight at 9pm, no cover! Support local music!, null, Believe in it or not, the sun is winning today...., null, What's your favorite Kitten Cover?, headed to the beach? Put on a little Fleet Foxes..., Swing by Tres Gatos for brunch today and it will be served with some great jazz, courtesy of Brett Walberg, who plays tenor, soprano, flute and clarinet. Music starts around 11am, brunch is served from 10am to 3pm with tapas served all day., This one hurts. One of the all time greats has left us. RIP to Bobby Womack., NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! Featuring the newest from Phish, Alice Coltrane, Weezer, Amy Winehouse, St Paul and the Broken Bones, Chet Baker, Michael Jackson, Fleetwood Mac and many many more!, Going away next weekend? Bring a Crosley portable turntable with USB hookup with you! We've got them in stock and they are THE addition to any 4th of July party! Spin your favorite wax with all your friends from your campsite, beach house or bit of concrete for all the world to hear!, Please join us next Tuesday for our next monthly Benefit Night, this time for ReVision Urban Farm in Dorchester. The Farm supplies nutritious food to ReVision Family Home, runs a CSA, and offers a variety of great training and volunteer experiences. The Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to the Farm next Tuesday. Let's make a party of it! Thanks for your support., Still seeking performers for our Harry Nilsson tribute night. 

Who among you is brave enough to put the lime in the coconut?

(Seriously, nobody has dibs on that song yet), song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!! We've got the latest from Anthony Doerr, the fantastic new record industry tell all 'Cowboys and Indies', Keith Haring Journals, the 50th Anniversary Fahrenheit 451, plus great reads from Michael Lewis, Maya Angelou, Chuck Palahniuk, Laura Hillenbrand and many many more!, song of the day, You've heard of hard rock, but how about hard oak?, Our wine flight tonight features three Albariños, perfect for hot weather. We'll be tasting '12 Valtea, '12 Pazo de Galegos, and '13 Albariño de Fefinanes. All come from the same region but vary remarkably in taste. We hope you'll join us., Tres Gatos is now stocking some of your favorite food writing and quarterly journals, including FOOL, REMEDY QUARTERLY, KINFOLK, DINER JOURNAL and more!, Song of the Day, How much would you pay for your favorite record?, Next Monday, June 30, Centre Street Café will offer its final dinner service. We hope you’ll join us in celebrating this long-standing JP institution by stopping by the Café this week for lunch, brunch, or dinner, or next Monday to make some final toasts. 

For over 20 years, Felicia Sanchez and crew have served delicious dishes made with organic, locally sourced produce, eggs and meats. This is our chance to say thank you for all of the great meals and memories.  

Felicia has been a loyal friend of Tres Gatos since we opened (volunteering her time to help get us up and running), and now, the Tres Gatos team is honored to have the opportunity to take Centre Street Café in a new direction.

Congratulations to Felicia and crew for such a fabulous run! You will be missed. Love, the Gatos, All used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight, including DIRTY BEACHES 'DRIFTERS/LOVE IS THE DEVIL'(seriously, probably been played once and SUCH a good record), JONI MITCHELL, DINAH WASHINGTON, and thousands more, including our new 1 dollar record section! Fight the heat with some cool wax!, song of the day, Thoughts on this?

, Tres Gatos is excited to welcome the Koga Ninjazz jazz trio to our weekly Monday night music series tonight. We've heard great things about these Cats. Show starts at 9pm, and there is no cover. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., song of the day, Cookbook lovers! Today, Tres Gatos unveils its new Cookbook Collection, curated by our new head chef, Nevin Taylor (pictured below). Books & journals are on display all day, reception with complimentary bites from 3 to 5pm., Chuck Berry is NOT impressed., Tomorrow, come and meet your friends and neighbors, dig through some incredible cookbooks and food writing, and from 3-5 pm enjoy free pinchos as we launch our COOKBOOK COLLECTION!, JP Sings Nilsson----July 15th, 9pm, Tres Gatos.

A tribute to one of the all time greats. Inquire within., It's the weekend!, It's new record day at Tres Gatos, featuring the newest from LANA DEL REY and classics from SANTIGOLD, BILLIE HOLIDAY, DEATH CAB FOR CUTIE, Van Morrison, Al Green, Tame Impala, Kurt Vile, The Roots, The National and many many more!, A great article with Nevin Taylor, our new head chef!, It's been a long day at the shop for the Gatos, but we are now pleased to announce a little control in our chaos: we've organized everything! The used records are now separated by genre, including rock and pop, world, jazz, country and folk, and the ever important 1 DOLLAR RECORD BIN. In addition, the new records have been alphabetized, from A(rcade Fire) to Z(appa). This will make your shopping experience even better!!, song of the hot, hot day, A little over a week from now, we'll be hosting our next monthly Benefit Night, this time for ReVision Urban Farm in Dorchester! They provide fresh food for ReVision Family Home, run a farm stand and CSA for the neighborhood, and provide great training and volunteer experiences. Bring friends & family on July 1 and let's celebrate this great local farm. 10% of restaurant and store sales will be donated to the Farm that night. Thanks for your support!, null, It was the biggest seller of the week so far and isn't slowing down. Jack White is setting records all over the place., null, We got some exciting books in today at Tres Gatos, from the latest bestsellers to some golden classics. We've got 'Don't Go Where I Can't Follow' by Anders Nilsen, "Fairy Tales and the Brothers Grimm' by Philip Pullman, 'Capital' by Thomas Picketty, 'The Portable Dorothy Parker', plus pageturners from Borges, Melville, Voltaire, Greene, and dozens more! A hot summer night needs a good book., Whether it's Murakami or Mamet, Adichie or Chabon, Picketty or Franzen, Chandler or Vonnegut, Erdrich or Cheever, the perfect beach read is at Tres Gatos waiting for you! Now hit the beach!, In honor of Bonnaroo, the song of the day...., Is it hot out today,Brigitte Bardot? Yes, yes it is. Nothing a good LP can't fix though., Pictures from the JP Bar Wars last week, as the mighty Spinal Tapas took the stage and dominated with covers of the Kinks, Lorde, and The Replacements. Led by GM Caitlin Amaral and backed by Dan Tebo, Matt Raskopf and Scott Thompson, these Gatos set the world alight, as the rest of the staff looked on. Ah, memories., Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for picking Tres Gatos as one of 12 choice patios in Boston, and the featured patio for JP! As Scott suggests, once you've had enough fresh air, sangria, and Centre Street drama, you can take your drink back to our book & record shop, which stays open late every night. , In honor of our live music tonight-MYSTIC COMPANIONS, 9pm,no cover-we are offering 10 percent off on ALL used vinyl tonight, including cuts from CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL, OSCAR PETERSON, JOHNNY CASH, KATE BUSH, Edith Piaf, ELO, Joe Pass, Dire Straits, Elvis Costello, Dinah Washington and thousands more!, Come one, come all, to the launch of one of Boston's premier cookbook collections!, song of the day, Thanks to Kara Baskin and the Globe for sharing the news about our new head chef, Nevin Taylor, and our new cookbook section (launch party happening this Sunday!) We're really excited about both. , "Vinyl's Got It's Groove Back", ALL USED VINYL IS 10 PERCENT OFF AT TRES GATOS TODAY, including great records from Bob Dylan, Eddie Harris, Tears for Fears and hundreds more! Happy Father's Day!, Happy Fathers Day from Waylon, Johnny, and all the Gatos!, We are so excited to welcome author Denis O'Neill this afternoon to read from his fantastic new book, Whiplash: When The Vietnam War Rolled a Grenade Into the Animal House!, null, Still searching for the perfect Father's Day present? Tres Gatos has you covered. From great vinyl like JIMI HENDRIX and JACK WHITE to great reads like CHAD HARBACH and MAX BROOKS to the newest CD by Beck, Bruce Springsteen or Bill Callahan, it's here, it's waiting, and it's gonna make your dad smile., We are listening to this right now. 'Nuff said., SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!, NEW VINYL DAY HITS TRES GATOS, with the latest in stock from Sharon Van Etten, First Aid Kit, Conor Oberst, Future Islands, plus classics from Notorious BIG, Dr Dog, Bad Brains, Vanilla Fudge, Soundgarden and many many more!, Happy Wet Friday! Here's a great lost cut from the Clash., We have been listening to Lee Morgan "Cornbread" on repeat and we just happen to have a copy for you. Dig it., Did you know we have Led Zep 1, 2 and 3 in stock on vinyl?

Song of the Day, null, null, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, with great reads in stock from DAVID FOSTER WALLACE, MALALA YOUSAFZAI, CHIMAMANDA NGOZI ADICHIE, GILLIAN FLYNN, Michael Chabon, John Green, Junot Diaz and many many more!, Thanks to everyone who came out to the JP Bar Wars last night and watched the Tres Gatos band, Spinal Tapas, knock this song out of the park. Remember-we are not two, we are one., OUT TODAY-The Jack White ULTRA LP 'Lazeretto'(see details below), as well as the reissue of the Constantines Shine a Light from 2003 and the new album on Sub Pop from Clipping, described as an act that "makes party music for the club you wish you hadn't gone to, the car you don't remember getting in, and the streets you don't feel safe on"......, Tonight, Join Together with your favorite bar bands at the Midway at 8pm in the JP Bar Wars! All of us here are pulling for our intrepid band of warriors. The Tres Gatos band is a force to be reckoned with, and we encourage all of you to go and dance, whoop and holler to them! Midway, 8pm, 10 dollars at the door benefiting the JP Music Fest...., Andrew Lalumia, a member of the Tres Gatos extended family, died yesterday in an accident on his small farm in Georgia. In his memory, I’d like to share a few thoughts on farmers and farming.

We think about food on a daily basis, but how often do we think about those who raise and grow our food? Not only do farmers work long, grueling hours for relatively little pay, they do so while taking large risks, financial and otherwise. Every day, they contend with the vagaries of weather, supply and demand, insurance, lenders, and suppliers. They share all of this hard work, stress and uncertainty with their spouses and children, and yes, sometimes they risk their lives to grow our food.

We pay close attention to the price we pay for our food, but we often neglect to do the full calculus: to consider the hidden costs of the relatively cheap, mass-produced food we buy, to be truly mindful of the benefits of buying healthier food from smaller farmers, and to make a conscious effort to remember where our dollars go, and who benefits.

When we buy food from CSAs and farmer’s markets, or when we eat at restaurants that buy from small producers, we may pay more, but we are directly supporting those who devote their lives to supplying us with fresh, healthy food that is grown, raised or caught with greater respect for the environment. This is a “choice” we make every time we buy eggs, milk, meat, cheese, seafood, vegetables and fruit, whether we prepare it ourselves or give a chef the privilege of preparing it for us. 

Andrew Lalumia leaves behind a loving, grieving family and a farm where he worked hard almost every day for many years. Rest in peace., Don't forget that all used records are 10 percent off tonight, including the B 52s, FRANK SINATRA, LEE MORGAN, The DOGS IN SPACE(Michael Hutchence, Gang of Four, Iggy Pop, and more) and a thousand more!, Tres Gatos is pleased to be bookselling at the Jamaica Plain Forum tonight for bestselling journalist and author Chris Hedges!!!!!!!!, song of the day, Looking for some mellow jazz to ease you into the work week? Composer and vibraphonist Alfred Marra returns to our weekly Monday night music series tonight at 9pm. Walk-ins are welcome, and kitchen stays open til 11pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., One of Chadley's jams..., HAPPENING NOW!, Some things we love that are waiting at Tres Gatos for you....the new 180 gram reissue of LED ZEPPELIN II....a two disc used EDITH PIAF compilation....the runaway bestseller Capitol by THOMAS PICKETTY....and a reprinted version of the bar menu from The Waldorf Asotria, 1935.....whatever it is your sunny day is lacking, it's at Tres Gatos, waiting...., song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY HITS TRES GATOS, just in time for the weekend, featuring DEPECHE MODE, LED ZEPPELIN, MORRISSEY, SLINT, Mazzy Star, Lorde, M83, Beach House, Fleet Foxes, Queens of the Stone Age, The Doors and many many more!, We can't wait for Sunday!, This was the Number 1 in America on June 6, 1944.

, As we celebrate this (slow) drift toward summer, here are a few new menu items that we love: Red Spinach and Sunflower Sprouts with bacon and whelks; Ramp and Lovage with smoked mackerel; Marinated Razor Clams with parcel and ajo blanco; and housemade Pâté with pickled mustard seeds., Enter to win at Tres Gatos a chance to go see King Khan and the Shrines at the Sinclair with a friend on Tuesday night! It's a raffle, it's a giveaway, it's all from our friends at Merge Records, and you can enter at Gatos today!, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, with fantastic reads from Blake Harris, Sue Monk Kidd, Wendell Berry, Louise Erdrich, Barbaba Kingsolver, Mark Kurlansky and many many more! Curl up on the porch with the perfect read!, null, Tonight's wine flight features a producer from Rioja, Luis Alegre. Located in the heart of Rioja Alavesa, this bodega produces simple, young, high quality wines. We'll be tasting their '12 Blanco, '13 Rosado, and '11 Koden (tempranillo). Enjoy!, Happy Birthday, Born In the USA. 

In this one, Springsteen acts! Also, Cybill Sherpard legs!, Believe it or not, Born In the USA turns 30 years old today.

Anybody who has visited Gatos knows of the record store manager's obsession with Springsteen. Needless to say, we're spinning this tonight. , null, The new Bob Mould single is AWESOME!, Two big new music releases are in house today....we've got the latest from BOB MOULD, "Beauty and Ruin", in which the former Husker Du frontman squeezes a lifetime of emotion into 36 intense minutes, and the latest from FUCKED UP, "Glass Boys", which currently has scored a 7.0 on Pitchfork...these albums are available on CD and vinyl at Tres Gatos, including the special limited edition release of Fucked Up....come and listen to them with us tonight!, We're hosting a Benefit Night for Ethos tonight. Tres Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to this organization that does so much to promote the security and well-being of the elderly and disabled in our community. Thanks in advance for your support!, Tomorrow we say adios to the wonderfully creative Monkey Chow and HOLA to Sindey Besse here at the Gatos! Be sure to stop by on First Thursday and be a part of the First Thursday Art Walk of JP brought to you by the JP Centre South Main Streets organization!


https://www.facebook.com/sidneybesseart, Dylan Parker Doyle, the smallest Gato, turns two today! Feliz Cumpleaños!, All used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight, including classics from The Supremes, Elvis Costello, Madonna and many many more!, Catfish Howl with Rockin' George, tonight at 9pm at Tres Gatos!, SONG OF THE DAY, null, This is the perfect day to find the perfect book, don't you think?, null, null, We had to......, MONDAY MONDAY MONDAY!, Two of our favorite used vinyls in stock....BILLIE HOLIDAY AND DONOVAN....both essential classics on wax...., We are LOVING the new Sharon Van Etten!!!!!!!!!, Hope you can join us today for jazz brunch with Max Rose. Max was trained in jazz, but incorporates Persian, Greek and Turkish influences. Walk-ins welcome. Tapas all day!, NEW RECORD DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! We've got an awful lot of records in tonight, including the newest from SHARON VAN ETTEN, unreleased recordings of JOHNNY CASH AND BOB DYLAN, PHARRELL WILLIAMS, HANK WILLIAMS, Kurt Vile, Cat Power, Belle and Sebastian, Daft Punk, Amy Winehouse, Superchunk and many many more! Stop in and give them a spin!, FLASH BOYS by the great MICHAEL LEWIS is at Tres Gatos in stunning hardcover!, The price of doing business....., A new tradition at Tres Gatos: the first Tuesday of every month, we hold a benefit night for a local nonprofit that we believe strengthens our community in a significant way. Next Tuesday, June 3, the benefit is for Ethos, an organization that provides critical services -- including home care, nutrition, protective services, and money management -- to the elderly and disabled. We'll be donating 10% of all restaurant and store sales to Ethos that night. Please bring friends and family and help the Gatos to celebrate and support Ethos and all of the individuals they assist., It was inevitable. The vinyl swimsuit, ladies and gentlemen...., No reason for it. We just really like this song., New records hitting the floor of Tres Gatos today include BILL WITHERS, DEATH, NICO, MILES DAVIS, Leonard Cohen and many many more!, Tres Gatos will be the booksellers on June 9th at the Jamaica Plain Forum for author Chris Hedges and we are so pumped! We have a number of his books on sale here and just sunk our teeth into his newest, Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt., NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! We are so excited to be stocking fantastic titles from JAMI ATTENBERG, JOJO MOYES, CAROL RILKES BRUNT, LYDIA DAVIS, Claire Messud, Mat Johnson, Chris Hedges, Denis Johnson and many many more! There's a perfect rainy day read for you at Tres Gatos., Tres Gatos GM Caitlin demonstrating the right way to be a Bob Dylan....., song of the day, Tres Gatos mourns the loss of an American giant of literature and poetry.

Maya Angelou gave life to words in the way few writers ever have. She faced horrors and created beauty. She inspired countless millions. It's a loss of staggering proportions for fans of the written word, and fans of freedom and those who quest for it.

"Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.", Given the return of damp, chilly weather, we're putting off a rosé flight in favor of some delicious spring reds. Tonight, we'll be tasting '13 Ameztoi "Stimatum," '11 Luis Alegre "Koden," and R.O.Q. "R-OH." Celebrate spring in all of its glorious unpredictability!, song of the day....Tres Gatos is doing a Harry Nilsson open mic night, code-named JP SINGS NILSSON, on July 15th at 9pm. Want to play your favorite Harry song for a crowd of your friends and neighbors? Inquire within., NEIL YOUNG 'A LETTER HOME' is out on vinyl and in stock at Tres Gatos. The album, produced by Jack White and recorded on a Voice-O-Graph--a super-low-def 1940s contraption that looks like a phone booth-features covers of artists ranging from Bob Dylan to Bruce Springsteen, Phil Ochs to Bert Jansch. Check it out!, Happy Memorial Day! We are excited to announce everything in the Gatos store is 10 percent off tonight in honor of Memorial Day and our great live musician, Kellen Zakula. That's right--everything! From GREAT READS like ON THE BEACH(bookstore manager Phil's favorite book of all time, or close to) to the latest bestseller from Donna Tartt or Brian Doyle to great new vinyl from VAMPIRE WEEKEND, The Black Keys, Wilco and hundreds more, to rad CDs by TOM WAITS to Ornette Coleman to Old 97's, to amazing used records ranging from MARVIN GAYE to Madonna, EVERYTHING at Tres Gatos tonight is 10 percent off! Stop in, shop, drink, and ring in the holiday with your friends and neighbors!, song of the day, If you'd like to end the long weekend with some great live music, swing by the Gatos around 9pm to check out songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Kellen Zakula. There is no cover, and kitchen stays open til 11pm. Happy Summer!, song of the day, tomorrow!, Make no mistake. This is a war. It's a war on publishers, on authors, and now, at long last, on you, the reader, the customer. Which side are you on?, It's the weekend!, Song of the Day, If you're staying in town for Memorial Day weekend, we hope you'll consider starting the weekend with brunch at the Gatos and checking out some great jazz with Ethan K, one of the coolest cats around. And check out some of our new brunch items, including Flank Steak with charred scallions, Asparagus a la Plancha, and Bluefish Ventresca!, USED VINYL AT TRES GATOS is pretty wild right now. We've got some of the coolest music ever made, from The Doors to Sam Cooke, Hank Williams to Sly Stone, David Bowie to Small Faces......stop in and give it a spin!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS, featuring an all star cast of wax, from ETTA JAMES to MY MORNING JACKET, VAMPIRE WEEKEND to LITTLE DRAGON, Lou Reed to Valerie June, Conor Oberst to The Shaggs, and many many more!, SONG OF THE DAY, off the new tUnE-yArDs album, in stock at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD...., We are what we listen to, and it is us., song of the day, Come join for a wine flight of three light, earthy reds perfect for a beautiful spring day! We're featuring three Mencias from Spain tonight; Armas de Guerra, Pena do Lobo, and Castro de Valtuille., NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! We are so excited about the latest paperback release from RUTH OZEKI, as well as great new reads from BRET ANTHONY JOHNSTON and BRIAN DOYLE and lovely poetry from MARY OLIVER. We've also got classic reads from Bolano, DeLillo, Eggers, Baldwin and more. Come and grab the perfect early spring beach read., Chicks Dig Bruce., Animated David Bowie?!? Yes please., It feels like summer., Sunday Sunday Sunday~!, The Motherload., SONG OF THE DAY, On a rainy night at Tres Gatos, all of our used records are 10 percent off, including great wax from BOB DYLAN, BIG AUDIO DYNAMITE, DEPECHE MODE, RORY GALLAGHER, Johnny Cash, Dire Straits, Duke Ellington, Jimmy Cliff and many more! Brave the gloom and come here some wax!, IT'S FINALLY HERE!, THE BLACK KEYS 'TURN BLUE' is finally in stock at Tres Gatos on vinyl, and we CANNOT WAIT to spin it. Also in this order is great wax from Roy Orbison, Rodriguez, Screamin' Jay Hawkins and many many more! Stop by and hear the most anticipated album of the year!, Please help us welcome back the supremely talented jazz vocalist and composer Vanisha Gould to our weekly Monday night music series. Show starts at 9pm, kitchen stays open til 11pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Still as sad to think about today as it was 34 years ago. The Gatos pour one out for Mr. Ian Curtis tonight., SONG OF THE DAY:, Record Store Day seems a distant memory now, but the Gatos still have some leftover goodies for your collection including releases from The Notwist, Phosphorescent, Ice-T, Jack Elliott, Randy Newman, Taj Mahal, and The Loud Ones. See you soon!, SONG OF THE (BEAUTIFUL) DAY: 

(watch for Hooray for Earth's new album, out later this year!), If you haven't checked out jazz brunch with vibraphonist Alfred Marra, here's your chance. A perfect way to start your weekend. Music starts at 11am, brunch runs from 10am to 3pm, tapas available all day, book & record store open all day as well., We have some cool new records in on this grey Friday evening, including the newest release from the TUNE-YARDS, BECK, PINK FLOYD, THE ALLAH LAS, and the ONLY LOVERS LEFT ALIVE Soundtrack on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl. Stop in for a beer or cocktail and let us help you find your newest rainy day album!, Song of the Day:, The newest piece of Guitart is a guitar by our friend Nicole Beauchaine commissioned by David Doyle for the littlest Gato, Dylan Doyle. What do you folks think?, song of the day, TURNTABLES RETURN TO TRES GATOS! We've got some of our favorite models, including the Keepsake, the CR-40, the Collegiate, and the Archiver. These are USB turntables with speakers built in, perfect for taking out and about this humid spring. Stop by and check them out!, The used vinyl parade continues, with some choice wax from BLACK SABBATH, ARETHA FRANKLIN, PINK FLOYD, THE ROLLING STONES(with zipper!), Rush, Tom Petty, Kraftwerk and many many more!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring the new paperback from NATHANIEL PHILBRICK, KEISE LAYMON'S hot new book of essays, an underrated Non-Fiction Masterpiece for HARUKI MURAKAMI, and the NEVIL SHUTE book that will be a truly chilling beach read(and a favorite of bookstore manager Phil), plus many many more!, song of the day, SONG OF THE DAY
, THE CLIENTELE re-issue their stunning 2000 debut singles compilation on Merge Records today, and it's at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD., null, Rockin' Horse Rodeo, the hosts of last month's bluegrass jam, can't join us tonight, but we're thrilled to announce that John Mailander and Molly Tuttle, who treated us to a great show last night, will be playing again tonight. And they welcome any of you pickers and fiddlers out there who want to join in. Very informal, music starts around 9pm, walk-ins welcome but reservations recommended., We vote yes!, Tres Gatos is so thrilled that Room 68, one of our favorite spots in JP, is opening up a P-town location, and we hope anybody travelling down the Cape this summer will stop in and support our friends Brent and Eric in their new endeavor!, Coming soon to Tres Gatos!, In honor of live music at Tres Gatos tonight(Molly and John, bluegrass at 9pm!), all of our USED VINYL is 10 percent off tonight, including great wax from ARETHA FRANKLIN, SHARON JONES, JANIS JOPLIN, Stephen Malkmus, Bruce Springsteen, Dave Van Ronk, Fats Domino, Van Morrison and many many more!, It feels like it's finally time to post this...., Jimmy Page stopped by In Your Ear Records in Allston this weekend; we hope next time he comes to Tres Gatos!, Some great used records have found their way to Gatos for Mother's Day, including BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, ARETHA FRANKLIN, ARCADE FIRE, FIRST AID KIT, Van Morrison, Cat Power, Magnetic Fields, Grizzly Bear, and mant many more! Give her the gift she'll really love---the gift of music., This is happening now!, Cows Dig Jazz., We are so excited to have Morris and the East Coast coming back to Gatos tomorrow for a bit of rock and roll fever! It's a free show, starts at 3pm, and we hope you can join us!, SONG OF THE DAY, Need the perfect record for this weekend? Tres Gatos has you covered. From HARRY NILSSON to the ROLLING STONES, LORDE to DAWES, it's all here, folks! Come by and give us a spin!, SONG OF THE DAY, An article about some of the coolest people in America, the folks over at United Record Pressing in Nashville, who press between 30 and 40 THOUSAND records A DAY., These records are used, but just barely. They are all classics. And they are waiting for you at Tres Gatos., song of the day, Warm weather is upon us and we're celebrating with a wine flight of three bright, fresh Spanish white wines. Protocolo Viura/Airen, Vevi Viura/Verdejo and Antonio Sanz Verdejo make up our spring white wine flight. Come in and enjoy a glass of one or a flight of all three on our patio!, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! We've got classics old and new, from authors as diverse as Adichie to Jennifer Smith, from Sherwood Anderson to Nathaniel Philbrick, from Bengtsson to George Higgins...pick up the perfect summer read today!, Thanks to everyone who came out for the Centre/South Main Streets benefit last night, and special thanks to Leo*Leo for playing such a great show! This is how communities thrive. Gracias!, This is happening now!, If you're craving dessert this week, please consider swinging by Tres Gatos for one of Pastry Chef Allyson West's fine confections. 50% of all dessert sales through Mother's Day will be donated to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and the nonprofit Bakes for Breast Cancer. Thanks for supporting this important cause., Neil Young's new record, produced by Jack White, comes out on May 27th! Be ready!, It took two days, but the huge haul of records we got in yesterday is finally priced...including but not limited to TLC, PIXIES, THELONIOUS MONK, BIG STAR, Booker T, Sonny Rollins, Sonic Youth, Little Walter, Rage Against the Machine, Uncle Tupelo, Taj Mahal, The Clash and hundreds more! We are in vinyl heaven!, We got the mother of all record shipments in today! Literally hundreds of great new records, including TOM WAITS, THELONIOUS MONK, THE SMITHS, THE ROLLING STONES....and we've only been through the first two boxes. There's Miles Davis, Suicidal Tendencies, Sparklehorse, The Clash, The Ramones, TLC, The Fugees, and many many more to go! Also, we started a new section here at 3Cats..."Soundtracks and Compilations". It's coming along nicely. We will see you tonight!, null, Tonight at Tres Gatos, no cover, 9pm!, song of the day, null, Hope everyone enjoyed Wake Up the Earth today -- and thank you to Spontaneous Celebrations for such a great event. Here's a photo of the youngest and oldest Gatos enjoying a little time on the ground together (courtesy of Phil Keith)., null, In honor of Wake Up The Earth Day, all used vinyl is 20 percent off at Tres Gatos until the start of dinner service at 530pm! Come out and spin some of the coolest records ever, and we are looking at you, 'Best of the Boston Beat'!, null, Happy Wake Up the Earth Day!(and yes, this is our second day with an Arcade Fire song up here, but you know....), Watch the Wake Up the Earth parade from the Gatos patio this AM! John Stein plays jazz at 11am. Tapas available all day! Happy WUTE!, null, NEW RECORD DAY HITS TRES GATOS! This week's haul features THE BLACK KEYS, THE DECEMBERISTS, MOTORHEAD, CANNONBALL ADDERLEY, Tom Waits, Fleet Foxes, Phosphorescent, Lou Reed and many many more! Stop in and give them a spin!, SONG OF THE DAY, null, This first Thursday, come to Tres Gatos for some great used records! Grab a beer, scope out the art(Monkey Chow!) and spin some fantastic wax! We'll be waiting!, SONG OF THE DAY, The Boston-based duo Leo*Leo has generously offered to play a free show at next Tuesday's benefit night for Centre/South Main Streets! Please join us in giving Sarah and Vanessa a warm (and loud) Gatos welcome. Music starts around 9pm, kitchen's open til 11pm. Walk-ins welcome but reservations are recommended., The Wake Up the Earth Festival, put on by the great folks at Spontaneous Celebrations, is this Saturday from noon to 6pm. Start your day with a hearty brunch at Tres Gatos and watch the parade go by from our patio! John Stein will also be playing some great jazz guitar starting at 11am. Happy Festival, JP!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS, featuring all these amazing titles, plus Neil Gaimen, Italo Calvino, Chad Harbach, Daniel Handler, J Courtney Sullivan and many many more!, song of the day, Since Spring decided to take a leave of absence, our wine flight tonight features Syrah, a full-bodied, spicy grape that is great on its own or for lending some backbone to a blend (and warming you up on a chilly night). We'll be tasting Anima Negra AN/2, Vin de Pays d'Ardèche, and Celler Piñol Portal. We hope you can join us., null, song of the day, The new WYE OAK album is out today on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos! This is one of the best and coolest albums of the year so far, or at least we think so. We've also got the new 12 inch from WILLIAM TYLER of LAMBCHOP. Thanks Merge Records!, Tres Gatos is excited to announce that our next monthly benefit night will be for Centre/South Main Streets, on Tuesday, May 6. The Gatos will donate 10% of restaurant and store sales to this organization which does so much for our community, including 1st Thursdays. Funds from this benefit will go toward a new initiative called Screen on the Green -- great movies shown at Loring-Greenough House at 8pm the first and third Thursday of every month (coming soon). Thanks for your support!, ALL USED RECORDS ARE 10 PERCENT OFF AT TRES GATOS! We do this every night we have live music, and we especially hope you take advantage of it tonight, as Matt Borrello and his merry band storm the gates of Tres Gatos with rock and roll passion and fury!, song of the day, null, Start your week with some great live music! Tres Gatos is pleased to welcome singer/songwriter Matt Borrello to our weekly Monday night music series tonight at 9pm. Matt has played regularly in the Boston/Providence area for over 8 years and we look forward to hearing him play up close at the Gatos. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., SONG OF THE DAY, null, null, song of the day, This morning calls for a mix of two things.....BIG MAMA THORNTON 'SASSY MAMA' and Meow-mosas.....and both will be in heavy rotation at Tres Gatos on a rainy Saturday. Come out and eat, drink, and spin the best music in the world!, SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!, All Tres Gatos customers tonight will get a digital download of THE TOWER BY WYE OAK, off the new album Shriek, out on Tuesday on vinyl and CD!, Song of the Day, NEW RECORD MANIA AT TRES GATOS! We've got all the wax fit to spin, from MARVIN GAYE TO PULP, from CHET BAKER TO HOWLIN' WOLF, from Real Estate to Pink Floyd, The National to Thelonious Monk, Nina Simone to Townes Van Zandt, and everywhere in between! This is the weekend to come and give Tres Gatos a spin! Pun Intended!, null, Busiest Record Store Day ever!, Two really cool things in the store, by Record Store Phil....FORDLANDIA BY GREG GRANDID is the story of Henry Ford's pop up town he built in the Amazon to harvest rubber(it didn't go swell)....and COUNTRY FUNK 1969-75 is a great vinyl with some prime cuts by Bobby Charles, Link Wray, Johnny Adams and many more, from our friends at Light At The Attic Records....both are fantastic and both deserve a home., Song of the Day(Chadley will be playing here in June, folks!), From our friends at Forced Exposure comes a small but very cool record order, including classics from DUSTY SPRINGFIELD, THE SLITS, MILES DAVIS, Funkadelic and more, as well as some cool compilations like LISTEN WHITEY! and Country Funk....stop in and give them a spin!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, with great reads from JOHN STEINBECK, ADAM JOHNSON, FLANNERY O'CONNOR, DAVID MITCHELL, Erin Morganstern, Jennifer Egan, Junot Diaz and many many more! Find the perfect spring read today!, song of the day, Tonight's wine flight features Tempranillo, the pre-eminent Spanish grape. We'll be tasting wines from three different regions: '11 Luis Alegre "Koden" (Rioja), '10 Bodega Maurodos "Prima" (Toro), and '10 Vina Pedrosa "El Pedrosal" (Ribera del Duero). Perfect for this rainy spring evening., Meg Wolitzer's THE INTERESTINGS just hit the shelves at Tres Gatos! Her NY Times best selling novel chronicles six friends from adolescence to adulthood, probing how talent, creativity, artistic drive, and ultimately competition can transform relationships-- for good and for ill. Give it a gander today!, WOOOO MALDEN, orange line love, A quick view of Record Store Day around the world, from SOUNDS OF THE UNIVERSE in London to RECKLESS RECORDS in Chicago to CUERVO STORE in Madrid to AMOEBA RECORDS in LA(look at that line!), vinyl fans got out and supported their local record shop in style on Saturday, and Tres Gatos was proud to be a part of it., Happy Marathon Day, everyone!!! In honor of this beautiful day(and beautiful weather to boot), all Marathon runners and BAA employees receive employee discount in the record store tonight! Maybe they'll want some of the best Record Store Day leftovers, including RANDY NEWMAN, CHILIDISH GAMBINO, BIG MAMA THORNTON and (bum bum bummm) ONE DIRECTION! Records keep you running. , We truly love 35 of these albums and can tolerate about 20 more. How about you?, Run Boston Run!, Tres Gatos is open for BRUNCH today, from 10am to 3pm. We'll also be serving afternoon tapas. If you're heading to the Marathon but need a little sustenance first, we hope you'll swing by the Gatos -- or come by afterward for snacks or dinner. And congratulations, runners! We love your perseverance and grit., HAPPPPPY HOLIDAYS!, Thank you to everyone who helped us have our busiest and best Record Store Day ever! Thank you to those who waited out for over an hour, thank you to those who brought friends who didn't know about RSD and wanted to see what the fuss was about, thank you to those who made a point to travel from far away to be at 3 Cats, thank you to those who shopped long after the crowds were gone, thank you to the staff for doing an incredible job all day, and simply, THANK YOU. We live to fight another day, and it's because of you! RSD14 is officially over!, SONG OF THE (EASTER) DAY!, Happy Easter everyone! Tres Gatos will be open for brunch from 10am to 3pm, and will offer an expanded afternoon tapas menu until 5pm, with normal dinner service starting at 5:30pm. Enjoy the day!, Find yourself at :35 seconds into this video, shot earlier at Tres Gatos, and featured on the evening news!, JACK DID IT!, Send us your stories, your pictures, and your memories from one of the greatest Record Store Days we've ever had!, Happy Record Store Day!, null, TOMORROW!, Thank you to Zagat for this fantastic shout out to Record Store Day!, RECORD STORE DAY@3Cats=tomorrow@10am+free coffee&cookies+Modest Mouse+Hendrix+Public Enemy+Built to Spill+LCD Soundsystem+Brian Jonestown Massacre+Bis+Fela Kuti+Springsteen+Cake+Miles Davis+Otis Redding+Pagans+Spanish Gold+Jerry Garcia+Mazzy Star+Pixies+Devo+Cave In+Civil Wars+Autumn Defense+Shearwater+Regina Spektor++++++etc,etc+baropen@noon=GREAT JOY!, Thanks to the Boston Herald for the fantastic Record Store Day write-up! We hope to see you all bright and early tomorrow!, Calling all musicians! Register today!, utterly heartbroken, And to top it off, we have loads of new books in stock too!!! We have books to tantalize the senses including MOMOFUKU, a cookbook written by award winning chef/restaurateur David Chang, a rich collection of KURT VONNEGUT speeches, as well as classics by CHARLES BUKOWKSI, JEAN-CLAUDE IZZO, and JENNIFER EGAN! Let the Cats feed your tummies and your minds tonight!, MORE NEW RECORDS!!!!! We've got classics from THE WHO, BIKINI KILL, THE XX, MORPHINE, Johnny Cash, Miles Davis, Violent Femmes, Father John Misty and many many more! Stop by and check them out!, Song of the Day goes to Malden's own Norman Greenbaum....and by the way, this full length LP is getting re-released for Record Store Day!, From our friends at MATADOR RECORDS and in anticipation of Record Store Day(Matador pressed titles by Camera Obscura and Gil Scott Heron, respectively) comes some classic Matador titles to Tres Gatos, including multiple classics from KURT VILE, YO LA TENGO, CAT POWER, and PAVEMENT, as well as other great Matador artists. Stop in and give them a spin!, It's so very close to Record Store Day...., They aren't from Boston...but the song is ABOUT Boston...song of the day, From our friends at Merge Records come some classic titles on vinyl, from THE ARCADE FIRE to NEUTRAL MILK HOTEL, from DIVINE FITS to ARCHERS OF LOAF.....Merge is one of our favorite labels to work with, and lucky first customers tonight will get their Spring/Summer 2014 sampler FOR FREE WITH PURCHASE!, Tonight's flight features three elegant wines from Ànima Negra, a bodega located on the island of Mallorca. Ànima Negra's vines are dry-farmed, resulting in small, concentrated fruit. We'll be tasting Quibia (a white), AN/2, and AN, their flagship wine, made primarily from indigenous Callet grapes. We hope you'll join us for this unique flight., Record stores that take records seriously take Record Store Day seriously. The Gatos will have the best RSD selection in 02130; we even have a new cocktail called RSD! Doors open at 10am this Saturday with free cookies and coffee, and a restaurant full of vinyl (bar opens at noon). Hope to see you here!, Three cheers for classic lit! Steinbeck's seminal book inspired such authors as T.C. BOYLE and STEPHEN KING in their own craft. King notes, "As a high school kid struggling to write fiction, some books meant more than others, and some burst upon me with the power of a thunderbolt. John Steinbeck's Grapes of Wrath was one of those." Check 'em out at the Cats today!, DO TO THE BEAST, the first record by AFGHAN WHIGS in sixteen years and their triumphant return to the Sub Pop roster, is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD!, Song of the Day, Congratulations to Tres Gatos favorite Donna Tartt on her win for the Pulitzer Price in Fiction!, Chris Toppin was a core-member of Boston rock legends Fuzzy, and will be playing at Tres Gatos at 9pm tonight with the new band Love Love! Come out and see some good rock and roll from some Boston indie royalty!, NOW ON SALE AT TRES GATOS! The Black Keys Fever/Turn Blue CD single. This CD cost 2 dollars and comes with a coupon which can be exchanged on May 13th for 2 dollars OFF the full length LP. We are so psyched about this idea!, Song of the Day, by perhaps the Greatest of all Boston bands..., In honor of Ruth Feldstein's book event, today at 3pm!, Come One, Come All. Today at 3PM! , We are so excited to host author Ruth Feldstein at Tres Gatos tomorrow at 3pm! We hope you all join us!, Record Store Day is ONE WEEK AWAY!, A big Gato farewell to one of the great unsung songwriters of the last 40 years, a musician's musician, Jesse Winchester, RIP, Song of the Day by Boston's own, The Remains(they opened for the Beatles at Suffolk Downs in 1965!), let's hope he can write as well as he acts!, Thanks to everyone who came out to hear the Sterling Rhyne Sherman trio today. Brunch is now being served until 3pm, and we offer an expanded afternoon tapas menu until 5pm. AND, the patio is now open! Happy Spring!, null, null, It's the weekend, and a perfect time to pick up a great book or record for you to enjoy, windows open, wine in hand, Red Sox muted on the TV, perhaps....we've got classics old and new at Tres  Gatos, from the latest book by New England native ANDRE DUBUS III to the greatest jazz album of all time, MILES DAVIS KIND OF BLUE. Record store guy Phil recommends LUCINA WILLIAMS 'WORLD WITHOUT TEARS' on vinyl, and if you stop in tonight, he'll tell you why., Song of the Day, by JP's own Tallahassee, a great band and great friends of Tres Gatos!, RECORD STORE DAY happens one week from tomorrow! The Gatos open at 10am, with free coffee and cookies, and THE BEST RECORD STORE DAY SELECTION in 02130, guaranteed., dreamy, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS! We've got great wax in stock from BEASTIE BOYS, PEARL JAM, U2, MILES DAVIS, Belle and Sebastian, Steve Earle, Cloud Nothings, Nina Simone and many many more, and we think you should give it all a spin! Or take home a 'Best of the Johnny Cash Show DVD' or a Lake Street Dive CD. Whatever you want, we've got it at Tres Gatos!, We are so excited for Ruth's book event on Sunday and we hope you all join us! We will be celebrating the music and lives of Nina Simone, Miriam Makeba, Lena Horne and more with a fantastic author and the beer and wine flowing!, One of the best anthems about Boston of all time...., null, Congratulations to Jamaica Plain's own Salmagundi and Caramelo for making the cut! Hopefully our little book and record store that could hits the list next year!, null, null, Record Store Day is in nine days, the packages are starting to arrive at Tres Gatos, we've got the cocktail set, we've got the cookie-cutters ready, and we've got the Tent inbound for pre-gaming and the media! Nine days until Records Take Over Tres Gatos!, Song of the Day by one of the coolest Boston rock bands ever, The Neighborhoods., Spring is in the air, and the Gatos are thinking Spanish rosé for tonight's flight. We'll be tasting three distinct examples, made from different varietals: Cune, Raventos i Blanc, and from the volcanic island of Lanzarote (see moon pic below), Los Bermejos. Feliz primavera!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring NECESSARY ERRORS BY CALEB CRAIN, and some long time Gato favorites, including LOST CITY OF Z, GIRLFRIEND IN A COMA, Fordlandia, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk and many many more!, TURNTABLES ARE BACK AT TRES GATOS! We've got our favorites models, the Archiver, the Collegiate, and the Keepsake, all with speakers built, all USB compatible, and all waiting at Gatos for you to take home!, Song of the Day, by local hero RICK BERLIN. This is Rick's latest video, featuring various members of the Gatos staff(how many can you spot?) and maybe YOU. Rick says: 

When I was thinking about making a video for SOMETHING BREAKS MY HEART it occurred to me that instead of literal imaging, having faces ‘speak’ silently would more powerfully express the idea of the song, the vibe, the lyrics. ‘Portraits’ of a kind that emphasize the expression and especially the eyes (as the cliche goes: ‘the windows on the soul’). I ran around Jamaica Plain, into stores, bars, restaurants, outside, inside and asked friends and people I’d never met to let me film 10 seconds of their face, close-up, not speaking or smiling. Fortunately they obliged. I shot many more than I could edit into this one clip, and I thank all who are here and all who were willing, but didn’t make the cut. These faces and personalities are beautiful to me. Quick shots, un-premeditated, straight-forward and honest. No pretty mirror to put a best face forward. —Rick Berlin ( http://rickberlin.com ). , Bluegrass fans and musicians: join us tonight for an open pickin' session hosted by JP's very own Rocking Horse Rodeo. Music starts at 9pm, kitchen open til 11pm., All used vinyl at Tres Gatos is 20 percent off tonight, to celebrate both Cold Chocolate playing at 9pm and the return of the Red Sox. You will jump for joy! From Roxy Music to Dave Brubeck to Squeeze to John Coltrane to Fleetwood Mac to Simon and Garfunkel, these savings are a home run!, null, Our weekly live music series continues tonight with COLD CHOCOLATE. They play amazing bluegrass and roots music with a dash of funk. Show starts at 9pm, there's no cover, and kitchen stays open til 11pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians., Song of the Day(see you, new Government Center Station, in 2016!), Good luck and Gato speed to our Chef, Marcos Sanchez, tonight at Porkapalooza! Anybody in the area should head to Salty Pig at 7pm to see our Chef float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, and cook like a king., Gatos love Metal, too., This month's theme is about hometown pride in honor of the 2014 Boston Marathon: local bands, Boston bred musicians, and songs about our lovely city. Send us your favorites!, Dug out from the chaos of the Gato basement come two more fantastic albums that we want to see you go home with tonight from two giants of music, JOHN COLTRANE and BOB DYLAN. Come in and give them a spin!, We've got all the used vinyl you'll ever need at Tres Gatos, including great wax from DAVID BOWIE, ROXY MUSIC, PET SHOP BOYS, Prince, OMD, Jefferson Airplane, Randy Newman and literally thousands more!, Twenty years ago today....., Thanks to everyone who came out to support JP's First Thursday artists last night, and took part in the first ever Art Walk, a great new tradition started by our revitalized Centre/South Main Streets. Here's our very own Lauren Nathan (a new Main Streets board member) with a LOT of balloons. And thanks to Mayor Walsh for kicking off the Art Walk!, song of the day, Love the music of Nina Simone and Lena Horne? Love history? Love hearing compelling history discussed by a prolific authority on the subject? Come to the Ruth Feldstein Book Event at Tres Gatos, in celebration of her new book "How it Feels to Be Free: Black Women Entertainers and the Civil Rights Movement" and find out a little bit more about some of your musical heroes!, Record Store Day is only 15 days away, everybody! So remember, if you love vinyl(or CDs or books on sale or new cocktails or free cookies and coffee) or know somebody who does, make a point to be at Tres Gatos on April 19th, starting at 10am. The event below features posts on some of the artists who are pressing special releases, a list of hundreds including REM, Gil Scott Heron, The Pixies, Lake Street Dive, Cut Copy, Jack White and so many more your head will spin!, song of the day, Cat Album Covers. What else can we say?, Enjoy the warm weather and celebrate local artists and their work! Art Walk for First Thursdays kicks off tonight. And let it be know that, while we're fairly partial to cats, we're pretty excited to be hosting Ian's watercolor dogs (and portraits, and landscapes) for the month., TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! This year's first ever Art Walk for First Thursdays is kicking off this very evening. This months artist is the ever so talented Ian Todreas and he will be joining us at 7pm with his posse of adoring fans. Join us from 7pm-9pm for a glass of wine and some of most charming watercolor work in town!, Its NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos! At long last, we've got the new album from BECK, MORNING PHASE, back in stock on vinyl, as well as the newest from CLOUD NOTHINGS and Mac DeMarco. We've also got restocks of the incredible LAKE STREET DIVE, back by popular demand, and classic wax from SUBLIME, Jeff Buckley, Bright Eyes, Black Sabbath, The Clash and dozens more! Give them a spin!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS! We've got the latest from LORRIE MOORE, BARK: STORIES, plus DAVID CAY JOHNSON'S newest, DIVIDED: THE PERILS OF OUR GROWING INEQUALITY(see him talk at JP Forum on April 15th) as well as staff favorites from DANIEL HANDLER, DONNA TARTT, Michael Chabon, Penelope Lively, Douglas Adams and many many more!, We are SO excited about the late edition Record Store Day addition, Gil Scott Heron's NOTHING NEW!, song of the day, Our flight tonight features three Crianzas from Rioja: Ontañón, Sierra Cantabria, and Puerta Vieja. These are lighter bodied wines that still benefit from the complex notes from oak. They're ideal for spring, and are more approachable than bigger, more heavily oaked reds. Happy April!, song of the day in honor of SPONTANEOUS CELEBRATIONS FUNDRAISER tonight! huzzah!, If you love the Wake Up the Earth Festival, the Lantern Parade, music and dance classes for kids, and stilt-walkers (just to name a few!) then you love Spontaneous Celebrations. Join us for dinner and drinks tonight (our regular tapas menu), buy some records and books, and we'll donate 10% of all sales to this essential JP cultural institution. Thanks for your support!, Listen to Sub Pop Records...., At long last, we have a glorious copy of WAR ON DRUGS 'LOST IN THE DREAM' in stock on vinyl! The Gatos had been waiting on this album and can't wait to spin it tonight! Don't forget, in celebration of live music from Andrew Geano, all USED VINYL in the store is 10 percent off, and we ask: is there one among you brave enough to buy the CLOSE ENCOUNTERS soundtrack?, song of the day, It's been raining for days, weeks...but the sun returns tomorrow. How are you gonna celebrate? How about join the Gatos for a special night to benefit Spontaneous Celebrations (who bring us the Wake Up the Earth Festival, and many other events, every year). We're donating 10% of all sales tomorrow to Spontaneous. Thanks for your support!, The Gatos are excited to welcome Boston-based singer-songwriter Andrew Geano to our weekly Monday night music series tomorrow at 9pm. Andrew is a regular open mic host at Smoken Joe's BBQ in Brighton, and we're glad he's giving up one of his Mondays for the Gatos. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Via one of our good friends Chris Alphonse, here's a picture of Jimi Hendrix spinning records. Possibly on a rainy day. Possibly records he just bought at Tres Gatos. We aren't sure., SONG OF THE DAY, Join us in ONE HOUR for chatting and noshing!, The famous Wake up the Earth Festival is fast approaching, which means Spontaneous Celebrations needs your help! Join us this Tuesday for a special night benefiting Spontaneous. The Gatos will donate 10% of all restaurant and store sales to this absolutely crucial organization. Bring friends, family, neighbors, strangers. Walk-ins welcome., null, This is just about the coolest thing we've ever seen., Our GM Caitlin is going to Okkervil River at the Sinclair tonight, much to the chagrin of the staff and many of our vinyl customers. We are thoroughly jealous. To celebrate Caitlin, and Okkervil, the two albums we have by them-their newest, the Silver Gymnasium, and their first, Don't Fall in Love with Everyone You See-are 10 percent off at Tres Gatos! If you haven't, get into this band. Take it from us, they are truly incredible., song.....make that, EP...of the day, null, null, We have the new Johnny Cash in stock at Tres Gatos right now, and we were already pumped, but check this out!, SONG OF THE (FRI)DAY!, Bookstore Tzivia recommends one of the rad first editions that just recently cozied up on our shelves including DAVID MAMET, TRUMAN CAPOTE, AND WILLIAM S. BURROUGHS among many, many others. Adopt a first edition today!, song of the day!, Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for including Tres Gatos in this list of under-the-radar brunches in Boston. And as Scott points out, visit us between 3 and 5pm on the weekends and you'll find some great new menu items to enjoy with that afternoon beer, cocktail or wine. , We are absolutely obsessed with the new St Vincent album, and apparently we aren't the only ones...., WE NEED ONE!, NEW RECORD DAY!!! We've got the great LOST Johnny Cash album, "Out Among the Stars", on vinyl and CD; we've got the new REAL ESTATE on vinyl and CD; we've got the new FOSTER THE PEOPLE on vinyl and CD; and the great ''Bob Dylan in the 80's'' featuring Built to Spill, Deertick, Bonnie Prince Billy and many many more, plus great classics from Nina Simone, Toots and the Maytals, Wu Tang Clan and many many more!, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS! Featuring the latest from PENELOPE LIVELY, international bestseller BRICK BY BRICK and classics from TRACY KIDDER, Junot Diaz, AS Byatt, and Tom Wolfe. Our bookstore manager thinks Bonfire of the Vanities is 'the perfect novel'. You heard it here first. Stop in on this windy day and pick up the perfect read!, Tonight's flight features three big, minerally wines from CELLER PIÑOL, located in the the up and coming Terra Alta DO. We'll be tasting Ludovicus Blanco, Portal Blanco, and Portal Tinto. These are lovely wines; we hope you'll join us., who you gonna call?!, song of the day!, From our mysterious benefactor over-seas comes a collection of rare, unreleased and bootleg records from some of your favorite bands, including THE REPLACEMENTS, THE SMITHS, JOY DIVISION, New Order, Nirvana, Radiohead, Devo and dozens more. Stop in and give them a spin!, Help the Gatos help Spontaneous Celebrations! Next Tuesday, we'll be donating 10% of all restaurant and book & record store sales to this fantastic non-profit. Through their programming and classes, they reach THOUSANDS of people in our community every year. Bring family & friends, let's celebrate JP! Walk-ins welcome, reservations recommended., David Corson plays at Tres Gatos in a little more then an hour!, null, song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! Featuring ZEALOUT by Reza Azlan, FACING THE OTHER WAY: THE STORY OF 4AD RECORDS by Martin Aston, DIVERGENT by Veronica Roth, LUMANARIES by Eleanor Catton and fantastic titles by Donna Tartt, Kurt Vonnegut, Michael Chabon, Jonathan Franzen and dozens more! Pick up the perfect Spring read today!, And speaking of books, we stumbled across these rad best sellers while reorganizing and re-alphabetizing our collection! Check out these bold titles from authors ROBERT STONE, RACHEL KUSHNER, and DAVID EBERSHOFF, as well as oodles and oodles of others, both in new and used format., ONE MORE WEEK! Join the cats as we break bread and discuss Gary Shteyngart's SUPER SAD TRUE LOVE STORY. Let's nourish our brains and bodies together., The official releases were announced at 10am Thursday by Chuck D at Amoeba Records in LA. The Record Store Day cocktail is being mixed. The Record Store Day tent will be stocked with coffee and pastries. Where will you be?>, Song of the Day, null, Vinyl is everywhere., Which RSD release are you most excited about?, SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos now serves weekend brunch until 3pm! Also, our afternoon menu has been expanded, and now includes Deviled Eggs with Jamón serrano, Huevo de España (a breaded 6-minute egg with Jamón serrano and radish), Escabeche with PEI mussels, Avocado Toast, and Mixed Mushrooms with creamy grits. We hope you'll try some of our new dishes., The best way to announce a new album......, Chuck Collins is a fantastic local author-a fantastic local guy, really-and his fantastic book 99 TO 1: HOW WEALTH INEQUALITY IS WRECKING THE WORLD AND WHAT WE CAN DO ABOUT IT is at Tres Gatos! We are so thrilled! Support a local author at your local bookstore!, song of the day, Our official Record Store Day poster, created by Kerry Laurentia...., Hopefully they nix the skull for Record Store Day AHHH, SONG OF DAY!!, Thanks to Business Insider for putting us on this very cool list. It's an honor to be listed with these other amazing establishments. Now, if you'll excuse us, we have to lace up our Converse All Stars, push our Bob Dylan wayfarers up our nose, and go see this great new band BEFORE they get popular. Thank you all for supporting us, whether we're hipsters or not, whether you're hipsters or not...we really appreciate every single one of our guests and you all make it possible to do this everyday., A few months back we did the Sharon Jones Soul Brunch, where we spun her new album, gave out great limited editions 45s and served up some swingin' biscuits and gravy. Today in the mail, we got an autographed photo of the woman herself. THIS is getting framed., Song of the Day, Tres Gatos is honored to participate in an important JP Forum author event/ discussion tonight at the First Church in JP (6 Eliot Street) from 7 to 8:30pm. Please help us welcome water warrior Maude Barlow for a discussion of her bold new book, "Blue Future: Protecting Water for People and the Planet Forever." A call to action to create a water-secure world, this is, in the end, a book of hope. Thanks to the JP Forum for promoting important discussions such as this one!, Cheer up and shop for records!, Record Store Day 2014 is officially one month away!, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring some fantastic new releases, such as REAL ESTATE 'ATLAS' and great wax from rising stars like QUILT and Future Islands, classics from GREEN DAY, The Rolling Stones and T Rex, and the much-asked-about new album by BECK on vinyl and CD. There was also Marvin Gaye, The National, and a dozen more. Stop in and give them a spin!, If you've finished the amazing SUPER SAD TRUE LOVE STORY and are anxious for a new read, NEXT MONTH'S Book Club Book is here, and it is HAROUN AND THE SEA OF STORIES by the legendary SALMON RUSHDIE. Find it at Tres Gatos!, SONG OF THE DAY, SONG OF THE DAY!, From our friends at MERGE RECORDS come some cool new releases....Richard Buckner's debut album, BLOOMED, reissued on vinyl for the first time, which No Depression called 'as graceful as debut albums come' and is currently rocking an 8.1 on pitchfork, and EX HEX's debut single 'HOT AND COLD', featuring members of Helium and Wild Flag. Grab some new wax for a warm March day!, TOMORROW!, We're excited to bring back one of our favorite sherry flights: three dry sherries from El Maestro Sierra, one of the most venerated sherry houses in Spain, now female owned and run. Tonight, we'll be tasting: 12 year Amontillado, 15 year Oloroso, and Amoroso, served with Manchego. Hope you can join us!, This just in: Anne Hathaway digs Duran Duran vinyl!, We love the Arcade Fire. A lot. A lot a lot. Based on our sales, you do too. So, it brings great joy for us to announce that our friends at MERGE RECORDS have put up a big sale on Arcade Fire back catalog titles, and they are ALL on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos. Need a low-cost copy of Funeral on CD? The Suburbs on wax? We've got it. And you should too. Because these guys are probably the best band in the world., COLD FACT BY RODRIGUEZ IS AT TRES GATOS ON VINYL!, Song of the Saint Patrick's Day, David Byrne and Cyndi Lauper discussing Broadway, New York and everything else. Can it get better than that?, null, America's favorite game show, Lorde or Kurt Vile?, A 180 gram copy of the White Album that has only been listened to once....'nuff said!!!!!! This, ladies and gents, is essential listening., Also known as Waltzing Matilda...., TODAY TODAY TODAY! Come rock out with Boston/Providence band Morris and The East Coast at 2:30! Let their blues/soul warm you up inside and out., Things you will NOT find at Tres Gatos on St. Patty's Day: green-eyed cats, cats dancing jigs, cats drinking green beer, cats eating shamrocks, cats slumped at the bar. Come to the Gatos if you want to avoid the madness and enjoy a relaxing meal. OK, we might play a little U2 or Van, but hey, we're a record store..., null, Song of the Day, Looking for some great local live music this weekend? Dennison Blackett plays jazz brunch at the Gatos today, and Morris & the East Coast play an afternoon show (starting around 2:30) tomorrow. No cover for either, and food and drink will be available for both. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, If the record store has a mission this weekend, it's to sell RYAN ADAMS 'LOVE IS HELL' ultra-limited Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab vinyl to somebody nice who will give it space to run around. This is a 3 LP box set, featuring seven addition bonus tracks from a Japanese-only bonus disc, and mastered at the world famous Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab. This album has been long out of print on vinyl, with used copies routinely fetching hundreds of dollars online, and big Ryan Adams fans, we can say it's one of his best. We hope over the next three days, somebody will take those puppy and give him a home!, We had to post this sometime during our month of 'Marching, running, walking, crawling' songs, and what better time then on a Friday at the start of the glorious weekend?, For some people this might be one of the big fears. For others, it would be a lot of fun. So how about it? What would happen if your spouse reviewed your record collection?, Awww Keith, you big ole softie!, Look everybody, Jack Nicholson does it and you should too!! Come to the cats tonight and check out some of Nicholson's favorites including THE BEATLES and JOHN COLTRANE and/or sift through for your own favorites in our big honking collection of used, new release, and re-pressed vinyl!! And of course have a Nicholson of a night., SONG OF THE DAY!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS!! Featuring PETER GABRIEL(the album is an amazing covers album, featuring the man himself covering some great pop hits and some of today's biggest stars covering him...see track listing below), CHET BAKER, SPOON, ORANGE JUICE, Ryan Adams, Belle and Sebastian, John Coltrane(lots and lots of him), Modest Mouse, Divine Fits, Mudhoney, and about fifty more amazing albums. Give them a spin!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring great reads from DOUG MOST, ANDRE DUBUS, RACHEL KUSHNER, ALLEN GINSBERG, Joan Didion, Italo Calvino, Tom Wolfe and dozens more! Stop in and pick up the perfect read!, Song of the Day, Tonight's wine flight features three tinto finos from Ribeira del Deuro. Known as tempranillo in Rioja, in this region (with hot days and cold nights) the grape produces wines that are more full-bodied and charismatic. We'll be tasting '09 Hacienda Monasterio, '10 Alidis Roble, and '10 El Pedrosal Crianza. Here are a few pics of this beautiful region., Fantastic illustration / write-up about the ever provocative Alexandre Dumas! And if you're curious about his work, we have The Count of Monte Cristo in stock-- perhaps his most well-known work next to The Three Musketeers., SONG OF THE DAY!, This week's sherry flight features finos from three different areas of Jerez: Gonzalez Byass "Tio Pepe," Cesar Florido fino, and Valdespino Deliciosa Manzanilla. Also, here are pics of two new dishes that we're excited about: Braised Lamb Empanada, and Huevo de España (a breaded 6-minute egg with jamón serrano and radish). Happy Tuesday!, Starting on April 1, Tres Gatos will host a fundraiser for a local non-profit on the first Tuesday of every month! How can you help? Bring friends & family in for dinner that night and we'll donate 10% of all restaurant sales to the non-profit. On April 1, we'll be raising funds for Spontaneous Celebrations, JP's headquarters for community arts for over 30 years (they produce the Wake Up the Earth Festival, which is just around the corner). Thanks in advance for helping Tres Gatos give back to the community that supports us!, Just pre-ordered this and kind of geeking out! So cool!, ALL USED RECORDS ARE 10 PERCENT OFF in honor of Riding Shotgun's show tonight, including THE SUPREMES, YAZ, ELVIS COSTELLO, and about 10,000 more! Stop in and give them a spin!, At long last, we've got the new St Vincent on vinyl at Tres Gatos, just for a few for now, with more coming on Wednesday. Pick up what is quickly gaining a reputation as the best album of 2014 so far!, Song of the Day, Riding Shotgun is at Tres Gatos at 9pm tonight, no cover, and YES, there will be Beastie Boys cover tunes., Come check out some of our new dishes -- including Grilled Rapini, Smoked Duck with tomatillo salsa, Huevo de España, Mixed Mushrooms with grits, and Lamb Empanadas -- AND hear Riding Shotgun play! Shows starts at 9pm, no cover., Bookstore Tzivia recommends one of our oodles of art/photography books from The New Yorker's cartoonist Saul Steinberg, to early photos of John Lennon and the rest of the Beatles, to well, about 400 years worth of American visual art. It's Sunday.. it's a cozy, art-eyeing, cuppajoe, reading night. Let the cats help you relax., SONG OF THE SUNDAY!, The shadows are changing, the clocks are changing, which means SPRING is coming. It also means RECORD STORE DAY is coming! Mark your calendar... Saturday, April 19, 10am @ the Gatos. Rest assured, we are ordering PILES of cool records for your listening pleasure!, A tip of the hat to one of the all time greats....., This was posted recently on the RSD website....should we get it in at Tres Gatos? Thoughts?, Song of the Day, HAPPY WEEKEND!, USED VINYL AT TRES GATOS!!!!!!!! We've got great wax from CSNY, WILSON PICKETT, STEVIE WONDER, Stan Getz, Sarah Vaughan, Aztec Camera, and thousands more! Come in and check them out! Give them a spin!, null, null, We don't have these for sale......yet., song of the day, SONG OF ZEE DAY!!, null, The Forts/Gainesville EP release party on Sunday was a huge success, and you can see why for yourself!, NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS!! We've got great new wax in stock from RADIOHEAD, ELLIOT SMITH, JOHNNY CASH, CHET BAKER, Solomon Burke, Otis Redding, Wilco, Wild Cub, The Strokes, Jimi Hendrix and many many more! Fight the snow and check them out!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos like a sudden snowstorm! We've got AMERICANAH BY CHIMAMANDA ADICHIE, finally out in paperback as of yesterday; we've got ANNA QUINDLEN'S new bestseller, STILL LIFE WITH BREAD CRUMBS...we've got great and informative non-fiction by Louis Masur, Rebecca Skloot, Erik Larson and more, and fantastic novels from John Irving, Michael Chabon, Maria Semple and many many more! Stop by and take a look!, Song of the Day, via the incredible Dan Crocker...., Tres Gatos has been nominated for a Dig This award for Best Tapas! If you'd like to vote for us, here's the link. We appreciate your support (and thank you, Dig!), Congratulations, and THANK YOU, to guest chef Brenda Sanchez for the absolutely delicious Mexican menu last night. Also, thank you for sharing your delightful family & friends with the Gatos. We hope everyone who joined us last night had as much fun as we did., Tomorrow is the big day! The big First Thursday that is! This month at the Gatos we will be putting up the whimsical works of Nicole Beauchaine! Come on by tomorrow and check it out, wine glass in hand!, Pssssst... all used vinyl and hardcover books are 10% off this evening in honor of Chef Brenda's Mexican pop-up!!! Enjoy her delicious Mexican cuisine and then meander on back to the book store/record store for tasty discounts on used vinyl a la THE SPECIALS, LITTLE FEAT, THE SUPREMES, ELTON JOHN, etc. and hardcovers such as a first edition copy of Bret Easton Ellis' LESS THAN ZERO as well as an array of titles by DAVE EGGERS, MARTIN AMIS, BJ NOVAK, THOMAS PYNCHON, STEVEN KING, etc. Yum, yum, yummmmmy., In case you were wondering..., SONG OF THE DAY!, Space is limited for tonight's one-night-only Mexican menu offered by guest chef Brenda Sanchez. Expect authentic dishes like Tacos de Lengua, Menudo (tripe soup), Queso Fundido, Chiles Rellenos, Mushrooms with Epazote, and Camarones con Chile. Mexican cocktails as well. Call 617-477-4851 for a reservation. Travel with the Gatos to Tijuana tonight!, Once in a while, a guest shares photos from their visit to Tres Gatos that truly capture the Gatos soul. Here are a few beautiful shots taken by designer Alvaro Lucena. Thank you, Alvaro, for sharing!, ALL USED RECORDS ARE 10 PERCENT OFF AT TRES GATOS TONIGHT!!!!! These include Squeeze, Randy Newman, Joni Mitchell, Lena Horne, The Specials, OMD, Simon and Garfunkel, The Supremes and over 1,500 more records, all on sale! Stop in., Tickets to Tallahassee's March 13th show at The Sinclair are on sale at Tres Gatos right now for 12 dollars and if you have't seen this band, we highly recommend you make a point to. These boys got the golden sound!, Song of the Day, Our weekly Monday live music series continues tonight with JP jazz guitarist John Stein, who recently released his 12th album, "Emotion." John is a highly regarded local jazz musician, and we hope you'll take this chance to enjoy his music up close and personal. Thanks as always for supporting your local musicians., Join us tomorrow (Tuesday) night as the Gatos go Mexican! We're honored to host guest chef Brenda Sanchez, whose menu was inspired by her childhood years in Tijuana. This fantastic a la carte menu -- featuring dishes such as Chiles Rellenos, Grilled Cactus Tacos, Grilled Yellowtail, and Scallop Ceviche -- will be offered for one night only. Walk-ins welcome but reservations are highly recommended. Call 617-477-4851., Thanks to everyone who came out to the Forts/Gainesville EP release party yesterday. The Tallahassee guys are honorary Gatos for live, and we urge you to pick up a copy of their new release. The 2nd act, Los Gatitos, didn't get through their sound check (one ran out of milk), but are worth keeping tabs on., The theme for March's songs of the day comes from none other than store mascot and top shareholder Dan Crocker...its MARCHING, RUNNING, WALKING....songs about movement...songs about urgency....as always, any ideas or suggestions should be sent to the Gatos...., TODAY TODAY TODAY TODAY TODAY TODAY TODAY (at 2:30!)!!!, Who couldn't use some great live music this afternoon? Well, Forts/Gainesville is playing at 3 Cats this afternoon to celebrate their first EP release, and it's gonna be a great show. Light bar menu (and all kinds of beer, wine and cocktails) available. Show starts at 2:30, no cover., Happy Birthday Roger Daltry!!!!!!!!!, New Used Vinyl Hit Tres Gatos, including the latest album from DAVID BYRNE AND ST VINCENT(it even has the digital download card!), JOE COCKER, JONI MITCHELL, the 2001 A SPACE ODYSSEY and Star Wars soundtracks, Marvin Gaye, The Mekons, Keith Jarrett, Oscar Peterson and dozens more!, SONG OF THE DAY in honor of Beck's new album Morning Phase, "The Grand Budapest Hotel, however, is not a straightforward adaptation. Anderson confesses it contains 'elements that were sort of stolen' from both Beware of Pity and The Post Office Girl" by Zweig. intriguing..., Bob Dylan on Mt. Auburn Street in Cambridge, 1963., Tres Gatos has turntables! We've got a great batch in from Crosley, featuring some of our favorite designs, including the ADVANCED, the KEEPSAKE, the COLLEGIATE, the SPINNERETE, and many more! These are portable turntables with speakers built in and can be plugged into larger sound systems, and they all feature a USB for ripping your records onto your computer. Stop in and check them out!, From our friends at Sundazed Records come two fantastic pieces of wax... the JIMI HENDRIX EXPERIENCE 'PURLPLE HAZE/51ST ANNIVERSARY single...and one of the great lost albums of all time, LULA REED 'BLUE AND MOODY', a classic from 1958 that gives Etta and Dinah a run for their money....come and check them out at Tres Gatos!, Its Friday, Gatos. Celebrate! , The kitchen Gatos have been busy coming up with new dishes for our menu. Here are a few favorites: Escabeche with PEI mussels and pickled celery; Red Snapper Ceviche with grilled scallion salsa; Creamy Polenta with seared Maitakes; Fennel Salad with pickled fronds and cara caras; Roasted Romanesco with almond crema; and Grilled Venison Loin with plum, charred onion and tomatillo. We hope you'll come in soon and give these a try!, One of the giants of the genre has left us. RIP., This Sunday!, Whether you need a good book to read by the fire/space heater or some good records or CDs to blast away the cold, Tres Gatos has you covered! Let us find the perfect cold winter night treat for you!, song of the day, Our GM Caitlin enjoys a record at the new Tres Gatos Listening Station, complete with headphones, great for a fully immersive listening experience!, NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos...you can feel it in the air...it's an exciting week. We've got the latest from BECK and PHANTOGRAM, we've got classics from MORRISSEY, Depeche Mode, The Band, Pixies and Nina Simone(along with many others) and DJ Phil's pick: ROMEO BLEEDING, TOM WAITS live in Austin, 1978., THE DRUNKEN BOTANIST BY AMY STEWART is back at Tres Gatos by popular demand on this, NEW BOOK DAY, along with classic reads from authors as diverse as Salmon Rushie and Zadie Smith, Frank Herbert and Philip K Dick...well, actually, maybe they aren't SO different....and many many more, check them out at Tres Gatos!, USED VINYL BONANZA AT TRES GATOS! We've got great used titles in from BOB DYLAN, JANIS JOPLIN, PETER GABRIEL, MICHAEL JACKSON, Squeeze, Madness, The Preservation Hall Jazz Band, Marvin Gaye, Al Green, The Police, Richie Havens and many many many more!, Congrats and thank you to Gato Jarred Randall for treating us to a delicious six course meal with his Fatboy Secrets pop-up last night. Thanks also to everyone who came out to celebrate the meal with us. Here are a few pics of the crew and their scrumptious dishes., Tonight's flight features three delicious reds from Sierra Cantabria: '11 Tinto, '09 Crianza, and '07 Reserva. This is one of the most highly respected Rioja estates, and a great flight to warm you up., song of the day, happy belated birthday pooh!, SONG OF THE DAY in honor of Superchunk's reissue!, New vinyl in stock complements of Merge and Sub Pop Records!! We got the reissue of SUPERCHUNK's  1997 "Indoor Living", which includes a rad live recording at Duke University. We got "Close to the Glass"- the newest album of German experimental electronic band NOTWIST And let's not forget DEATH VESSEL's Iceland-influenced album, "Island Intervals" or VERTICAL SCRATCHER's "Daughter of Everything", notable for its quirky, garage pop/rock. Come have a ball with Tuesday's new goodies!, Fatboy Secrets reveals his vision of modern Jewish cuisine tonight at Tres Gatos! And to complement the dishes, we've chosen six remarkable wines from Slovenia, Hungary and Austria (pairings are optional). These wines are starting to get a lot of attention, and they deserve it! If you'd like to join us, please call 617-477-4851. Walk-ins are also welcome., This Monday at Tres Gatos all used records are 10 percent off in celebration of Lars Vegas live in concert, and we've got some great titles for you, from JIMI HENDRIX to AC/DC, from the POLICE to LITTLE RICHARD, from THE SPECIALS to Record Store Phil's favorite, MARTHA AND THE MUFFINS 'ECHO BEACH'(one of the greatest records of 1980) as well as thousands and thousands more! Stop in for a glass of wine and some great wax!, Lars Vegas is playing at Tres Gatos!, Lars Vegas rocks the Gatos tonight at 9pm, no cover. These are some cool cats, and we urge you to check them out. Kitchen stays open 'til 11pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Back to back special Tuesday dinners at Tres Gatos: tomorrow, Fatboy Secrets presents a six course menu featuring modernized Jewish cuisine. And next Tuesday, we're honored to host BRENDA SANCHEZ, who will be presenting a MEXICAN MENU featuring Sopes Xochitl, Mushrooms with Epazote, Camarones con Chile, Chiles Rellonos de Queso, Tacos with Grilled Cactus Strips, Grilled Yellowtail, and Scallop Ceviche. Walk-ins welcome for both dinners but reservations recommended., SONG OF THE DAY and what a good day it is!, Record Store Phil says 'how have you guys not bought this record yet?' BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN 'THE WILD THE INNOCENT AND THE E STREET SHUFFLE is on vinyl at Tres Gatos. This is the E Street Band at their funkiest, people! Also, here's a Bruce Springsteen pillow., Today at 3PM. See you there!, null, Tomorrow!, This high school student gets it!, Have a very vinyl weekend...., At long last, here comes the sun...., James Patterson has become the book world's Obi Wan....., From our friends at Merge Records come two great past Record Store Day releases, back in stock and on the prowl: DESTROYER 'THIS NIGHT' and SUPERCHUNK 'HERES WHERE THE STRINGS COME IN', long unavailable, are here. So are classic Merge titles by Mountain Goats, Bob Mould, Lambchop and more!, This Sunday!, LOOK! IN THE SKY! ITS OOOOOOO WHITE LIGHTNIN', Lots of new Crosley turntables in stock, there's one for you and you and you and we'd never forget about you! We have one for every desire and need, one for every rhyme and reason. You could bring the portable revolution turntable to friend's house and convert your vinyl into MP3s or plug on in the entertainment center to listen to your cassettes, cds, AND vinyl! Adopt a turntable today!, Song of the Day: , In addition to paella, here are some other NEW DISHES on the menu: Mussel Escabeche; Goat Cheese Crostada with mixed mushrooms, caramelized onions and chicory; Garlic Soup with fried bread, saffron, garlic jam and poached egg; Fennel Salad with pickled fronds, cured olives and cara caras; and Grilled Wild Rapini with sour orange marmalade. Hope to see you soon!, Please join us at Tres Gatos this Sunday for a fantastic reading from activist and author Penny Rosenwasser in celebration of her new book, Hope Into Practice: Jewish Women Choosing Justice Despite Our Fears. , NEW RECORD DAY hits TRES GATOS, with great wax in stock from SERGE GAINSBOURG, OUTKAST, NINA SIMONE, BROKEN BELLS, Lorde, Valerie June, George Harrison, Chet Baker, Dr Dog, Kurt Vile and many many more! Brave the snow and slush and come check it out!, Essential Reading Hits Tres Gatos on NEW BOOK DAY!, song of the day, WE'RE NOW SERVING PAELLA! We can't cook ours over an open flame, but we're betting after you try it you'll feel that much closer to Spain. Our current version features mussels, cockles, scallions and pimentos. Enjoy!, Tonight's flight features three wines from Bodegas Riojanas, one of Rioja's oldest producers. They like to mix Old World style with New World trends, and that tendency shows in this flight. Puerta Vieja is a young, fresh Tempranillo, Monte Real Gran Reserva is reminiscent of a Burgundian red, and Viña Albina recalls a Bourdeaux. We hope you'll take a tour of Rioja with us tonight!, SONG OF THE DAY in honor of the late, great Bob Casale, guitarist of Devo., We just got in our March book club book: SUPER SAD TRUE LOVE STORY by GARY SHTEYNGART! This New York Times' best seller is one part American dystopia and one part love story, with a dollop of satire for good measure.

Join us March 30th at 3pm for discussion!, Record shaped cookies are sooo last year., Thanks to Molly Parr and Jewish Boston.com for this great piece on Jarred, one of our very talented line cooks, whose Jewish pop-up FATBOY SECRETS happens here at Tres Gatos next Tuesday night. Make your reservation now! 
, Join us next Monday for the singular, smoky, bluesy sound of Lars Vegas. Are you a Morphine fan? Check out these guys! Show starts at 9pm, and there is no cover. Reservations recommended for dinner., LAKE STREET DIVE 'BAD SELF PORTRAITS' is finally out on LP and CD and Tres Gatos is completely stocked! We think these kids are one of the most unique and exciting new bands in America right now, and the fact that it all started in Boston makes it all the more charming....DONT FORGET! Lake Street Dive will be on David Letterman's show on Feb. 20th and at the Sinclair in Cambridge on Feb 21st!, What do you know, more snow? Tonight's sherry flight is designed to warm your bones. We'll be tasting three olorosos (from El Maestro Sierra, Valdespino, and Gonzalez-Byas) with cheese pairings. With a glass of sherry in hand, hot, sunny Spain is just a mental leap away!, THE INVENTION OF WINGS BY SUE MONK KIDD and ONE MORE THING: STORIES AND OTHER STORIES BY BJ NOVAK are both at Tres Gatos in stunning hardcover for this snowy snowy day!, Essential information...., Shared from a good friend of ours. So cool., All Used Vinyl is 10 Percent Off at Tres Gatos Tonight, including great titles from BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, THE BYRDS, THE SUPREMES, Muddy Waters, Bill Evans, Ike and Tina Turner and literally thousands more!, null, Classic Country Tonight at Tres Gatos., Countdown to Fatboy Secrets has begun! Next Tuesday, we're thrilled to host our very own Jarred "Fatboy" Randall for an evening of modern (non-Kosher) Jewish cuisine. Six delicious courses with optional wine pairings (check out the menu on our website). Walk-ins welcome but reservations recommended., Gatos friend (and one of the hard working JP Music Festival organizers) David Ferris Mueller debuts at 3 Cats tonight with some old-school country and more. He'll be playing with "Wildman." Show starts at 9pm, there is no cover. Might you hear some Hank Williams? We think YES., Loads of rad books in stock including a heap that have been (or are in the processing of being.. KUDOS PAUL THOMAS ANDERSON) made into film adaptations! It seems I've picked the ones that make our culture look pretty bonkers oops haha. What's your favorite book-to-film adaptation?, RYAN STARTED THE FIRE!!!, It isn't really Sunday if tomorrow isn't really a work day. Start your day with a hearty Gatos brunch and a spicy Bloody Mary. Then play in the snow and come back tonight for tapas and drinks. Kitchen stays open until 11pm. Happy snow day!, Tres Gatos Book Club is Tomorrow! , We Gatos are thrilled at the announcement that CHUCK D is the official RSD Ambassador for 2014!, Need reasons to brave the storm and hit the ground running? How about HOWLIN' WOLF and THELONIOUS MONK on vinyl? How about JJ ABRAMS new book?!? How about first-edition THOMAS PYNCHON? Whatever you need to motivate you to put on the hat and scarf and face the winter wind, it's waiting at Tres Gatos!, Song of the Day , OK Bostonians, another storm's coming, so let's just put our boots and layers on and go about enjoying our weekend and NOT let old man winter dictate our lives. We'd love to see you today (Ethan K starts us off with a jazz brunch). EAT, DRINK, DANCE AND BE MERRY!, Number 10 especially makes us laugh., "Like" if this applies to you., How cool is this?!?, From the record store: for our money, one of the prettiest love songs of all time, as a special gift to you on Valentines Day. 

Sing along at home:

We said we'd walk together baby come what may 
That come the twilight should we lose our way 
If as we're walking a hand should slip free 
I'll wait for you 
And should I fall behind 
Wait for me 

We swore we'd travel darlin' side by side 
We'd help each other stay in stride 
But each lover's steps fall so differently 
But I'll wait for you 
And if I should fall behind 
Wait for me 

Now everyone dreams of a love lasting and true 
But you and I know what this world can do 
So let's make our steps clear that the other may see 
And I'll wait for you 
If I should fall behind 
Wait for me 

Now there's a beautiful river in the valley ahead 
There 'neath the oak's bough soon we will be wed 
Should we lose each other in the shadow of the evening trees 
I'll wait for you 
And should I fall behind 
Wait for me 
Darlin' I'll wait for you 
Should I fall behind 
Wait for me, This Valentine's card goes out to all of our restaurant colleagues: may your deliveries arrive on time today, may your pilots stay lit, may your hoods not malfunction, may your drinks pour smoothly, may your guests arrive and leave with smiles on their faces! Love, the Gatos, If you aren't able to join us for Valentine's Day, we hope you'll visit the Gatos soon, either to celebrate a special event, to escape from the next snowstorm, to enjoy some live music (every Monday), or just to celebrate being alive. We like to think we're romantic every night., For those who will be joining us tonight, here's a peek at a special treat created by our pastry chef Allyson: a Valentine merengue. Also new tonight: a passion fruit tart with cocoa nib crust, coconut crema, and lime zest!, NEW RECORD DAY on a snowy slushy night in Jamaica Plain. We've got the long-awaited JAMAICA PLAIN EP by KURT VILE AND SORE EROS, as well as classics by TOM WAITS, Howling Wolf, and U2 and great new acts like SKY FERREIRA and the Cold War Kids live at Third Man, and, perhaps most incredibly, EARLY SOUNDS BY OTIS REDDING. Not to mention Charley Patton, Thelonious Monk, Dave Van Ronk, and dozens and dozens more!, SONG OF THE DAY, a wishful thinking kinda song, What's more fun than having slush ball fights and trudging through massive glacial puddles? Having tapas and drinking wine with friends at Tres Gatos and watching other people do it., Thanks to Rachel Leah Blumenthal and Eater for the shout-out about Jarred's pop-up at Tres Gatos later this month (Tuesday the 25th). 6 courses of Jewish deliciousness! Taking reservations now., Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for including Tres Gatos on this short list of great places to sip sherry in Boston. Want to give sherry a try? Come on in, we'll help you fall in love with it!, Check out "Buy a Restaurant" on the Food Network tonight at 9pm, featuring Aurum, a new restaurant that opened up the street from us in JP last month. A couple of the segments, including the final interview with our friends Matt and Andrea, were filmed at Tres Gatos! Congrats, you guys., Need the perfect Valentine's Day present....Tres Gatos has you covered on this NEW RECORD DAY...whether your lover prefers LORDE, AL GREEN, LEONARD COHEN, RADIOHEAD, Miles Davis, Amy Winehouse, The Rolling Stones, Edward Sharpe or more, we've got it at TRES GATOS! Stop in to find a vinyl they'll love., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos, including great reads from ELEANOR CATTON(THE LUMINARIES, which just won the 2013 Man Booker Prize),DAVE EGGERS, PAUL HARDING, SUSAN CASEY, Simon Winchester, Mark Helprin and many many more! Stop by and pick up the perfect read for a winter's night., In the spirit of Valentine's Day, our wine flight tonight features sparkly and pink. We'll be tasting "La Vida al Camp" (sparkling white), Raventors de Nit Rose, and Vilarnau Brut Rose. Love is in the bubbles..., Song of the Day, via the coolest cat on the block, Dan Crocker., If you see some slow-moving cats in the neighborhood today (possibly wearing sunglasses), it may have something to do with the huge bash at Cat Central last night. Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate our 3 year birthday with us. We truly cherish your company! A few of our favorite pics below..., And did we mention that everything in the store from new books, and cds, to new and used vinyl, to turntables are ALL 10% off tonight in honor of the anniversary!?!? This is the purrrfect chance to snatch up whatever you've been holding out on! And to sweeten the deal, we just got in another batch of used vinyl including MUDDY WATERS, LED ZEPPELIN, AND SAM COOKE! So come and celebrate with us tonight, it'll be a hoot!, TRES GATOS ANNIVERSARY PARTY FEVER!, Another reason for going to the Tres Gatos 3 Year Anniversary Party tonight: delicious cat cookies made with love by our very own pastry chef Allyson, who admits she's been listening to a lot of Cat Power lately. Look what these cookies did for these kittens!, On this, our third year anniversary, team Gatos would like to say a big THANK YOU to everyone who has played a part in our success, especially: the crew who helped design Tres Gatos and made it a place worth calling home, our loyal regulars (YOU are the real reason we do what we do), our friends in the media who share our goings-on, our restaurant colleagues who keep us smiling and sane, the great community that is Jamaica Plain, the musicians who play for us, the artists who beautify our walls, and the farmers who grow our food. We hope you can celebrate with us tonight, 6pm to midnight. Gracias!, From BU Today, more info on the Vinyl Revival...., null, Tres Gatos is looking for GOOD USED VINYL! If you've got some great classic rock/punk/new wave/blues/jazz stuff lying around, and would like to trade it in for a gift card to use in the restaurant and bookstore, write the Tres Gatos facebook and let us know what you've got! No walk-ins please!, Tomorrow is our Anniversary Party, featuring free food, a sale on everything in the record store, and hugging/clinking glasses/dancing/mayhem. Join us, won't you?, Turntables are back at Tres Gatos! Including great designs such as the EXECUTIVE portable turntable, the TROUBADOUR entertainment system, the REVOLUTION USB turntable, and the classic COLLEGIATE....stop by and take a look at them!, The supremely talented Ethan K returns to the Gatos tonight to play his awesome jazz guitar, along with some Brazilian jazz vocals. Shows starts at 9pm, kitchen stays open til 11pm. Ease into the week with some great live music at 3 Cats., Thanks so much to everybody at the BCAE for inviting us to the Local Love Market in the South End today. We had a lot of fun and made a lot of new friends! We hope we can come back next year!, Thanks to everyone who came out for the Lake Street Dive listening party today. Pictured below is Mike, the band's trumpet & guitar player, Courtney, bartender extraordinaire, and the littlest Gato, Dylan, with his papa. The band's new album, "Bad Self Portraits," is awesome (official release is Feb 18), the band is about to go big time, and we couldn't be more proud of them., Tres Gatos LOVE song of the Day, It's all a circle, innit?, Well said...., Oscar time is here, and we at Tres Gatos say it's time to celebrate the many wondeful films we saw this year, as well as Hollywood in general. Come to Gatos and find a great book about making movies, like EASY RIDERS, RAGING BULLS or DOWN AND DIRTY PICTURES, or pick up a soundtrack album to one of your favorite movies from this year, including the absolutely steller WOLF OF WALL STREET soundtrack and the inspiring and beautiful INSIDE LLEYWN DAVIS soundtrack!, song of the day, What's for brunch today? Bees Deluxe, a fantastic acid blues/funk/rock trio that will help get your weekend off to a good start. Brunch goes from 10am to 2pm, music starts at 11am. And for brunch tomorrow, a Lake Street Dive listening party!, Missed this the first time around, but awesome to see Tres Gatos coming in at #11!!, What's happening at Tres Gatos tonight? The same thing that happens most every night...., Tres Gatos will be at the BCAE Local Love Market this weekend; we're gonna have a little pop up store, a miniature version of the Gatos store complete with new and used books, turntables and great records! , Lake Street Dive's listening and pre-release party is at Tres Gatos on Sunday from 11AM to 3pm, with special cocktails and menu items from the kitchen, great freebies for those who pre-order the LP or CD through us, and Mike Olson from the band in attendance. Here is your song of the day., It's been a tough few days for team Gatos: first the snowstorm, then two days without a functioning hood (which means no cooking). Our apologies to everyone who was inconvenienced by this, and THANK YOU to all of our friends who came by anyway and kept us company. In other news: we turn 3 on Tuesday and we're gonna throw a REALLY BIG PARTY! Take that, February!, bottoms up!, SONG OF THE DAY, happy 69th birthday Bob Marley!!, null, null, New Book Day at Tres Gatos has a little of everything this week, from the TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB BOOK-Why We Broke Up By Daniel Handler-to THE DRUNKEN BOTANIST by AMY STEWART to the latest from STEPHEN KING, DOCTOR SLEEP, and even the latest from his son, JOE HILL 'NOS4A2'....as well as great reads by Margaret Atwood, Mary Roach, Erik Larsson and many many more!, Countdown has begun for the 3 Year Gatos Anniversary Party, next Tuesday, 6pm to midnight. Complimentary tapas, great music and company (and maybe a few drinks). Hope you can join us., NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos like a....blizzard? Too soon? We've got the new BROKEN BELLS 'AFTER THE DISCO' as well as great grooves from JAMES BROWN, RHYE, NEIL YOUNG(LIVE AT THE CELLAR DOOR 1971), Youth Lagoon, No Doubt, Mingus, Coltrane, Sam Cooke and many many more.....brave the cold and find the perfect wax for you!, Song of the Day , Our friend Mike Olson and his band Lake Street Dive are on the Colbert Report tonight! And this Sunday, to celebrate their upcoming album, "Bad Self Portraits," we'll be hosting a listening party during brunch, 10am to 2pm. Will there be a guest appearance? Only one way to find out!, THANK YOU to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for the shout-out about Jarred's upcoming Jewish Pop-up at Tres Gatos on Feb 25. We promise you, food and wine lovers, this is one dinner you don't want to miss. We're proud of you, Fatboy!, SONG OF THE DAY in honor of tomorrow's snowstorm. Stay warm, stay cozy, stay safe, and stay away from yellow snow!!, Ward off the Tuesday-beginning-of-the-week-it's-still-kinda-Monday-and-I'm-sleepy blues at Tres Gatos! Re-energize with DAVID BOWIE, BUKOWSKI, LOVIN' SPOONFUL, or anything else your heart desires. We like to make hearts happy here., Tonight's sherry flight is dear to our heart: Alexander Jules (whom the Gatos met at Sherryfest in NYC) produces limited release, barrel selected sherries from existing solera systems in the famed Sherry Triangle in Spain. The result is sherries of remarkable elegance, complexity and depth. Tonight, we'll be tasting a Fino, a Manzanilla, and an Amontillado, served with Manchego., In honor of the great live music tonight-and flying in the face of the snowstorm-all hardcover books and used records are 20 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight....including MARGARET ATWOOD's newest, BULLY HOLLY'S greatest hits, OTTOLENGHI cookbooks and JOHN LENNON, plus thousands and thousands more!, Tonight, Sterling Sherman and her band Rhyne play Tres Gatos. Sterling is a JP native whose influences include Nina Simone and Erykah Badu. It's sure to be a swinging soulful night at Tres Gatos and we hope you'll all brave the storm and come out and groove with us!, Song of the Day , We're thrilled to announce that Gatos extended family member Mike Olson and his band Lake Street Dive will be appearing on the Colbert Report this Wed, Feb 5. They're about to go big time, and we're really proud of them. Please join us for a pre-release listening party for their new album, "Bad Self Portraits," next Sunday during brunch, 10am to 2pm. We'll be playing the album, taking pre-orders, giving away freebies, etc. Damn, that horn sounds good!, If you're still chewing on your Valentine's Day plans, we hope you'll consider joining the Gatos for a relaxed, romantic dinner. To give you more options, we'll be offering our regular tapas menu (with special additions) rather than a prix fixe. Please call if you have trouble making a reservation on-line. And forgive us for the cute cat pics -- it's only once a year., Philip Seymour Hoffman was a tremendous talent, and all of us Gatos will miss him very much. Whether he was playing Truman Capote or starring in rock and roll fare such as Pirate Radio or Almost Famous, Hoffman had an adventurous spirit and a raw acting ability that comes along rarely and leaves a void when it's gone. RIP., And don't forget, used vinyl and hardcovers are 20% off tonight!!, Do your cats like watching football more than you do? Leave them with the remote and some snacks and come to Tres Gatos tonight for a FOOTBALL FREE ZONE! No commercials, no illegal hits, no half-time show... just good food, drink, music and company., song of the day in honor of the late, incomparable philip seymour hoffman :' [ , null, null, Did you know Alec Ounsworth of Clap Your Hands Say Yeah played an incredible acoustic set at The Hallway Gallery in Jamaica Plain today? It happened and our record store manager and GM were there. What a thrill.

, It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining, and whatever it is you're looking for, we've got it at Tres Gatos, whether its a new Crosley turntable, a great read from Tom Robbins, a vinyl album of Elvis Costello and the Roots or a CD box set of The Magnetic Fields....you name it, we've got it!, THE WAR ON DRUGS 'SLAVE AMBIENT' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, Tres Gatos exclaims at the top of its lungs ITS THE WEEKEND!, Our very talented pastry chef Allyson West has just added a delicious new dessert to our menu: a Warm Blood Orange Torta, with almond crisp and olive oil ice cream. Delicious!, We're excited to have the Paul Combs jazz trio join us for brunch tomorrow (music starts at 11am). Paul is a highly respected sax player, educator and writer, and it's a treat to hear him play this up close and personal. We hope you can join us., Whose going to Boston Calling this year?, The way to start everyday...., NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos!!!! We've got great cookbooks like TREME, we've got incredible new reads like THE PARIS ARCHITECT by CHARLES BELFOURE as well as classics like MOVEABLE FEAST by ERNEST HEMINGWAY, as well as other amazing books by David Mitchell, Yann Martel, Bret Easton Ellis, and yes, THE WOLF OF WALL STREET is back in stock by popular demand!, song of the day, Tres Gatos doesn't make this kind of appeal often, but when we do, it's for a great cause. One of our favorite local farmers, Jim Buckle, is planning to move his farm to Maine in order to make it more sustainable. He'll continue to supply fresh food to Boston, including a CSA, farmers markets, and restaurants like Tres Gatos. If you like the idea of investing small, please get in touch with Jim (bucklefarm@gmail.com) to discuss options. Thanks for supporting your local farmers. We all benefit when our communities have access to fresh, responsibly grown food., null, New Record Day Hits Tres Gatos!! We've got classics from JOHNNY CASH, Sam Cooke, Professor Longhair as more, as well as great new music from QUILT(yes, thats Jamaica Pond) and Los Campesinos, the re-issue of the first album by LUCINDA WILLIAMS, obscure masterpieces by ANTIBALAS and pure pop perfection by Lana Del Rey, among dozens and dozens of great new vinyl and CDs. Stop in and check them out!, Tonight's flight features three delicious wines from Priorat: a white (garnacha blanca) and two reds (garnacha/cab/syrah). This is a highly esteemed wine region in Spain, and we love these wines. Hope you can join us., If you're not in the mood for a Super Bowl party, or just need to get off the couch for a while, head to Tres Gatos for a FOOTBALL-FREE ZONE this Sunday. No Bud, no salsa & chips, no commercials or screaming -- guaranteed. And 10% discount in the store all day!, Not much snow around these parts today, but still a good song...., null, Read responsibly...., null, Just because....., There are 3 big releases today: DUM DUM GIRLS 'TOO TRUE', from our friends at Sub Pop Records, and HOSPITALITY 'TROUBLE' from our friends at Merge Records. Also from Merge is the re-issue of LAMBCHOP 'NIXON', originally released in 2000, as well great restocks from MAGNETIC FIELDS, She and Him, Mikal Cronin, Eleanor Friedburger and some of our other favorite Merge artists. Stop in and give them a spin., The Gatos say goodbye and farewell to Pete Seegar, an American music legend and one of the true fathers of folk.

"A good song reminds us what we're fighting for", Darker in color and richer in flavor than a Fino, Amontillado sherries are perfect for a cold, winter night. Tonight, we're tasting three: Gonzalez Byass Viña AB, El Maestro Sierra 12 Años, and Dios Baco. Enjoy!, Come this Wednesday from 8-10 to celebrate with painter Linda Jung at her closing reception!! Linda's signed prints will be available for purchase and her paintings will remain up until the end of January. So come join three cats and Linda Jung for a night of art, eats, and merriment!

You can also check out her rad paintings and illustrations on her facebook: https://www.facebook.com/StudioChartreuxLindaJungArts, Tons of nifty used vinyl in stock including MENUDO's grammy nominated album for best Latin pop!?! WHATT!? And don't forget all used vinyl is 10% tonight!, The best thing to do with records is listen to them, but thats not the ONLY thing. A few ideas...., Song of the Day(and yes, this was played at the company party last night), What better way to wind down on this relatively balmy winter day than get together with some friends for tapas and drinks and listen to some live jazz? Tonight, we're thrilled to host the Vanisha-Arleen Gould trio. Show starts at 9pm, and there's no cover., We leave you with this., All of us Gatos are beyond pumped for our holiday party tonight! While we regret being closed, we hope you will join us in a toast at our upcoming 3 Year Anniversary Party on February 11th and hope all of you will close your eyes and picture us dancing and drinking to this tune later tonight. These cats have gone wild!, null, Tres Gatos has the perfect record for your weekend waiting for you....whethers its RJD2 'DEADRINGER', DAMIEN JARUDO 'BROTHERS AND SISTERS OF THE ETERNAL SUN', FATHER JOHN MISTY 'THE HISTORY OF CAVES'(a cool soundtrack album by one of our favorite artists we haven't had in stock since Record Store Day) and BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN 'TUNNEL OF LOVE', where Phil, our book and record store manager, takes his email handle from and, in his own words, 'one of the best albums about the rise and fall of a relationship of all time'. Stop by and give these, and thousands of other great discs, a spin!, You best BELIEVE this is the song of the day., A big THANKS to everyone who joined us for the Super Hunger Brunch today. Thanks also to Alfred Marra for the amazing jazz. We raised lots of $ for the Food Bank, couldn't have done it without you., Brunch tomorrow = great jazz with vibraphonist Alfred Marra + great fundraiser (super hunger brunch, $25 prix fixe menu) to benefit the greater boston food bank. Thanks for your support!, One of Tres Gatos coolest regulars, Dan Crocker, brought this video to our attention. It features one of JP's coolest bands, Tallahassee, who were the first to play the Tres Gatos stage when we first got live music, who continue to be the bestselling local artist we've ever stocked, and who are pretty amazing dudes to boot. Here is your song of the day., They said it...., New Book Day hits Tres Gatos, just in time for the weekend! We've got great reads in stock from GEORGE HIGGINS, CLAIRE MESSUD, JOE HILL, DONNA TARTT, Bukowski, Pynchon, Chabon and many many more! Fight the cold and come on out for a good book!, Tres Gatos will be open for brunch this Sunday, but closed in the evening for a staff party. Speaking of parties, we hope you'll join us for our 3 year anniversary party on Tuesday, February 11, 6pm to midnight. More details to come!, TENTH OF DECEMBER by GEORGE SAUNDERS is back on our shelves in paperback! Take a peek at one of the ten (no pun intended) best books of 2013 according to The New York Times' Book Review!, Our friends Matt and Andrea just opened Aurum down the street from us in JP, and we recommend you check them out. They serve breakfast all day, along with homemade baked goods and soups. And check out their tasty, savory "pies," made from a pita-inspired dough. Great addition to the neighborhood. Best of luck, guys!, song of the day, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos!!!!!!! Featuring great wax from MIA, BRIGITTE FONTAINE, DEAD BOYS, LEE SCRATCH PERRY, ELVIS PRESLEY, MODERN LOVERS and dozens more, from pop(Head and the Heart) to freakout (Mogwai) to classic (Bob Dylan) to iconoclastic (Avi Buffalo)....come in and check them out!, Tonight's wine flight features a white and two reds from Ànima Negra, a winery on the island of Mallorca (see January getaway pic below). We'll be tasting Quibia, AN/2 and AN Premium. These are distinctive, elegant wines., MOGWAI RAVE TAPES is finally at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD. Don't blame us, blame old man winter, who apparently hates to get down and boogie. Also, here's a cool cartoon., Tres Gatos is proud to participate in the Super Hunger Brunch fundraiser again this year. This Saturday, 1/25, we're offering a special $25 prix fixe brunch (details on our website), and all proceeds go to the Greater Boston Food Bank. Thanks for helping us to support this great cause!, The new self-titled record from WARPAINT is at Tres Gatos from our friends at ROUGH TRADE RECORDS. We are still waiting on the arrival of the new MOGWAI, which we assume was lost in the storm, and we'll let you know as soon as it's here!, SONG OF THE DAY, If you're out and about tonight and need a refuge from the blowing snow and Artic temps, we hope you'll swing by the Gatos for some great food, drinks, music and company. Bring it on, January!, Vinyl is beautiful., There is never a wrong time to read a book.

Find the perfect book FOR YOU at Tres Gatos tonight., Happy Martin Luther King Day and remember the great man's words: “Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.”, song of the day., The restaurant may be closed this evening for a private party, but the book and record store will be open all night with great wax in stock from the Rolling Stones and Wayne Shorter among thousands of others. Come grab the perfect book or record tonight!, Tres Gatos is pleased to welcome singer-songwriter Christopher Reyne for tomorrow night's show at 9pm. This is one talented guy, who until recently called Portland Oregon home, and we hope you'll join us to give him a loud Gatos welcome. Kitchen stays open until 11pm., null, Tres Gatos will be open for brunch tomorrow, 10am to 2pm, but will be CLOSED for a private party tomorrow (Sunday) evening. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause., Vinyl CAN save the world....especially Slim Whitman vinyl., How do you spend your snowy days? Dancing around to IGGY POP? Drinking wine and crooning OTIS REDDING? Introspective with CAT POWER? Rocking out to PIEBALD? However you spend your snowy day, Tres Gatos has the perfect record for you., song of the day, null, This has been a crazy day for new records. Three companies, three orders, ALL the music you could possibly want....NINA SIMONE, WIM MERTENS, MUTUAL BENEFIT, DRIVE BY TRUCKERS, JOHN COLTRANE, LOU REED-JOHN CALE AND NICO IN PARIS IN 1972, GARY WILSON plus great titles from Iggy Pop, Dire Straits, Joy Division, Otis Redding, Bauhaus, X, Elvis Costello and many many many more! This has to be seen to be believed., Join us for brunch tomorrow (Sat.) and you'll get to hear a great acid blues/funk/rock band called Bees Deluxe. In additions to playing cool originals, these guys cover the likes of the Meters, Steely Dan, Albert King, Hendrix, and James Brown. Help us welcome them to the Gatos for their first show! Starts at 11am, no cover., Song of the Day, Tzivia in the bookstore recommends ROLE MODELS by JOHN WATERS, an insightful, funny, nostalgic and biting book by one of the most unique artists of our time., Song of the Day , Vinyl Goes Hollywood., IT'S HERE., NEW RECORD DAY STRIKES TRES GATOS! Including but not limited to HIGH HOPES, the newest from BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN(our record store manager's favorite musician) on CD and vinyl, TOM WAITS, SUN RA, MAC DEMARCO, Wayne Shorter, Modern Lovers, The Damned, Charles Mingus, Joy Division and many many more!, ITS NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS! We've got great reads in stock like WHY WE BROKE UP BY DANIEL HANDLER(the book club book here next month), restocks of bestsellers like MADADDAM by MARGARET ATWOOD and SIGNATURE OF ALL THINGS by ELIZABETH GILBERT, and staff favorites like OUT by NATSUO KIRINI  and SPOOK by MARY ROACH....stop in and see if the perfect read for you is at Tres Gatos!, Behold...the Tom Waits map!, We are loving rock and roll bingo., SONG OF THE DAY, For over 130 years, three generations of the López de Heredia family have been producing exceptional Spanish wines. Tonight, we feature three of their illustrious reds: '05 Cubillo Crianza, '03 Bosconia Reserva, and '01 Tondonia Reserva. This is great chance to try superb wines from one of Rioja's most venerable family-run bodegas. Perfect for a chilly winter night!, At long last, the new Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings is finally available at Tres Gatos on LP, CD and a special super limited edition of the record on Mono. Also, for those headed out to the cinema tonight, Sharon is currently appearing in Martin Scorsese's Wolf of Wall Street, performing "Goldfinger" on the soundtrack album., Gatos Song of the Day, In one hour...., One of our favorite vinyl distributors these days is 4 Men With Beards, who take albums that have fallen through the cracks of history-or between any safe label or genre-and re-release them on 180 gram vinyl. Here's some of the great 4 Men With Beards we have in stock, including-but not limited to-The Avengers, The Violent Femmes(Hollowed Ground, one of the great forgotten albums of rock history) and Scott Walker., song of the day, Please join us for some great fiddling with Bronwyn Keith-Hynes, tonight at 9pm. Kitchen stays open until 11pm, so you can have a real meal with that drink, not just bar food. Thanks for supporting your local musicians!, Tzivia in the bookstore recommends SHERLOCK HOLMES READ BY BASIL RATHBONE on used vinyl for your cold Sunday night!, song of the day, Please join us at 2:30pm this afternoon for a book signing/ Q&A with acclaimed Boston Chef Daniel Bruce. His new cookbook, "Simply New England," will be on sale, and our pastry chef Allyson will offer a free treat made from a recipe in the book. (Patriots side note: coach Belichick raves, "His creations are simply the best!"), null, The perfect used album for your rainy Saturday night is at Tres Gatos...., Need a good book for this weekend? Tres Gatos has you covered, with great new and used titles all over the store. Read that book you've been putting off! Find the perfect read you never knew you were looking for!, song of the day, Jazz brunch today with sax player extraordinaire Dennison Blackett. He dresses pretty sharp, too! Music starts at 11am., LOOKIT THIS! , What's your album for this weekend? If you haven't found it yet, it might just be waiting for you at Tres Gatos. From rock to rap, jazz to industrial, we have the perfect album for you., The Boss's Bosses. New album out Tuesday!, Tomorrow, come and enjoy the sax work of Dennison Blackett at Tres Gatos.....and maybe a Bloody Mary too., Song of the Day, null, CROSLEY TURNTABLES ARE BACK AT TRES GATOS!!

Most of these turntables include a USB, for ripping your records onto your hard drive, and most of them have speakers built in, for portable and enjoyable listening pleasure!, LITTLE FAILURE: A MEMOIR BY GARY SHTEYNGART is at Tres Gatos in hardover. Gary wrote the absolutely incredible SUPER SAD TRUE LOVE STORY and we can't wait to read his latest!, A big thank you to JJ Gonson for sharing your photos of Elliott Smith, Heatmiser, Curt Cobain, etc. with us. They were truly splendid company. Gracias!, Song of the Day(Night), Beer lovers, we're pleased to offer, on draft, a very limited edition beer called XXV from the fine brewers at North Coast. This is a Belgian inspired session beer made to celebrate their 25th anniversary. A festive beer, it's got a nice flowery, spicy hop aroma, and is a bit spritzy (and only 4.0 ABV to minimize the risk of slipping on ice)., Our January 1st Thursday artist is Linda Jung, and here are a few images of her beautiful work. Please stop by tonight for an up close look., Photos from in and around the 3Cat Icebreaker, located on the Gatos B Ice Shelf, JP Pond, Jan 9, 2014., That's a big record!, NEW RECORD DAY means great new wax to listen to on this cold winter's night, including classics from JONI MITCHELL and NICK DRAKE, undiscovered gold by DAVID BAZAN and music like PETER TOSH, to make you feel warm. We've also got great stuff in stock from Otis Redding, Queens of the Stone Age, Valerie June and many many more! We've also got some great low-cost CDs from Off-Beat Records, including great weird cuts from Billie Holiday, Memphis Slim, The Sex Pistols, T Bone Walker, Roy Orbison and many many more!, The best selling books of 2012 at Tres Gatos are all back in stock and ready for you to take a bite out of during this long polar snap....there is nothing on earth as refreshing as a good book and a warm blanket during January...we'll help you find the book, but you have to bring the blanket!, A big happy birthday to two of the all time greats, Elvis Presley and David Bowie. These are two guys who forever changed the game and the way we hear music, and we owe them alot. We have plenty of great records by both artists at Tres Gatyos, by the way., SONG OF THE DAY, Don't think cold, think RIOJA. We're featuring three styles of Rioja for tonight's flight: Beronja Viura (a young white), Ontanon Crianza (Tempranillo/Garnacha), and La Rioja Alta "Alberdi" (a reserva)."  Guaranteed to warm your blood and lift your spirits!, From the archives of the Tres Gatos basement comes COOL STUFF, like QUEEN vinyl, SPRINGSTEEN vinyl box sets, and NICK DRAKE AND ROUGH TRADE box sets on CD. The next few days we will be tearing through our inventory and bringing you our favorite lost pieces. These things are cool, they are rare, and we love them!, Tres Gatos is honored to welcome acclaimed chef Daniel Bruce for a book signing on Sunday, January 12 from 2:30 to 4:00pm. His new cookbook, “Simply New England,” is getting rave reviews for its presentation of New England cuisine, honoring tradition in a contemporary way. 

Passionate about both food and wine, Chef Bruce caught the attention of Boston food lovers when he opened Meritage in 2002. He is also founder of the Boston Wine Festival.

We hope you can join us in welcoming Chef Bruce to Tres Gatos. If you love cooking and eating New England cuisine, you’ll want to take this book home with you., SONG OF THE DAY, It's release day for the new STEPHEN MALKMUS AND THE JIGS record, WIG OUT AT JAGBAGS, possibly the best name for a record ever. For those not in the know, Malkmus made his name as the leader of ultra-hip 90's band Pavement. We have the record on vinyl and CD., Don't let this Arctic blast freeze you. Bundle up, walk briskly (or run) to the Gatos, and join us for a flight of delicious sherries from Valdespino, one of the most respected sherry makers in Jerez. We'll be tasting a Manzanilla, a Fino, and a Pale Cream. See you tonight!, For those of you who missed the Sharon Jones Soul Brunch on Sunday-or DID make it but are craving more-Tres Gatos has great new vinyl from SHARON, as well as label-mates like Charles Bradley, James Hunter Six and Budos Band, and every CD Sharon Jones has ever released in stock. Come down and pick up enough soul to last you the winter!, ANDRE DUBUS 'DIRTY LOVE' is at Tres Gatos in hardcover and we are SO excited!, song of the day, Our 2014 Monday live music series kicks off tonight with David Corson! Show starts at 9pm, and there is no cover. Kitchen stays open until 11pm. Thanks for supporting your local musicians, we look forward to a great year of weekly live music., null, null, null, null, null, Live music every Monday at 9pm, Sat. at 11am., Sharon Jones Soul Brunch is happening NOW! We are raffling off all sorts of goodies, including a test pressing of the new album on vinyl, and have beautiful blue 7-inch singles for the first six people who pre-order the album today. We're spinning the new album now and loving it. See y'all soon!, null, FILE UNDER: COOLEST RECORD EVER. It's MICHIGAN ROCKS! featuring Iggy and the Stooges, The MC5, Mitch Ryder, Bob Segar, Ted Nugent and many more! Too cool., MEOW-ISSEY!, song of the day, Thanks to Zagat for sharing our excitement about the Sharon Jones Soul brunch happening tomorrow between 10am and 3pm. No, she won't be here in person, but we'll be premiering her new album all day, drinking Daptonics, and eating lots of Biscuits & Gravy! Hope you can join us., RIP Phil Everly, THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT!, Thanks to the Boston Herald for including the SHARON JONES SOUL BRUNCH in its AHEAD OF THE GAME section! We hope to see you all there!, Song of the Day, Our Sharon Jones Soul Brunch in the Urban Daddy Weekender! Thanks guys!, Thanks to everyone who ventured out in the storm to visit the Gatos last night. While we didn't have an actual fireplace going, it sure was cozy hanging out at the bar and watching the snow blow down Centre Street! Your company was much appreciated., null, null, NEW RECORD DAY HITS TRES GATOS, with classic snowy day music like BON IVER and OSCAR PETERSON, great new wax like TV ON THE RADIO'S NEW SINGLE 'MERCY/MILLION MILES', and oddballs like SURF AGE NUGGETS, as well as Darondo, Billie Holiday, Tame Impala, Television and many many more!, Its our first day of NEW BOOK RESTOCKS since Christmas, and we've got some of our favorites on the shelves for you, snowbound and in search of a good read. MURAKAMI? Check. ALICE MUNRO? Check. Sarah Vowell AND Richard Brautigan and Mary Roach? Chec and check and check. Brave the storm and come and see us!, Thanks to James Reed and the Globe for featuring our Sharon Jones Brunch event (this Sunday, 10am to 3pm) as an editor's pick in today's Boston.com. As James points out, Sharon Jones will NOT be appearing in person, but we will be listening to her new album in its entirety, taking pre-orders for the album, eating & drinking, and having an all around rockin' good time! Reservations recommended., While Boston has declared a state of emergency, Tres Gatos is declaring a state of celebration, from 5:30pm until closing tonight. Free coffee to anyone who ventures out in the storm. Be a snow cat and celebrate the snowstorm with us!, Our chef is in today's Herald in their roundup of great New Year's Parties around the city. Looking good, Marcos!, We hope you're spending New Year's Eve with us...., Thanks to Andy Maddux, a great regular and a member of acclaimed local band The Saddest Landscape, for mentioning his adventure to Tres Gatos to buy The National's Trouble Will Find Me in today's Globe!, As the Gatos prepare for our big end of year party, we'd like to thank everyone who made 2013 such a great year for us: our loyal, gracious guests; all the musicians who entertained us, the writers who read to us, and the artists who brightened our walls; our media friends who shared our goings-on; and our restaurant colleagues who gave us shelter on our nights off. We look forward to seeing you all again in the new year! Love, the Gatos., Tomorrow is New Year's Eve...join us., We have been waiting FOUR YEARS for this. We used to play the original album all the time at R and M. I'm so excited!, Who is coming to dance, drink and ring in the new at Tres Gatos tomorrow?, HAPPY BIRTHDAY PATTI SMITH!, Some of the cool stuff floating around the Gatos today....

1) ALL THE LEE HAZLEWOOD 45'S EVER. EVER.
2) SIMPLY NEW ENGLAND BY CHEF DANIEL BRUCE
3)PHIL, OUR RECORD STORE MANAGER, HAS A LOVE AFFAIR WITH GUNFIGHTER BALLADS BY MARTY ROBBINS. WE HAVE IT ON CD. IT'S AMAZING.
4) ALREADY DEAD: A CALIFORNIA GOTHIC BY DENIS JOHNSON, Vinyl sales continue to soar and independent record stores like Tres Gatos have nobody to thank but you, the customer, for your unending support. We appreciate it! If you don;t live close to Gatos and are watching this page from afar,  remember to support the local record shops in your neighborhood!, song of the day, For our last night of live music in 2013, we're excited to welcome the Michael Bernier trio. You'll hear a bewitching brew of roots rock, Americana, jam, reggae and pop. Show starts at 9pm, there's no cover, but reservations are recommended. Kitchen stays open until 11pm so bring an appetite. Thanks to everyone who supported our live shows in 2013 -- we're looking forward to another great year of live music at the Gatos!, Dylan Parker Doyle, the littlest Gato, spotting his first eagle over JP Pond today., Tomorrow is the last day of the one, the only, JJ GONSON'S art show at Tres Gatos...come out and see some rock and roll history, all enjoying some good wine and delicious food...., We can't believe nobody has taken THE CHOCOLATE WATCHBAND home yet. Just listen and you'll echo our disbelief., The perfect record is waiting for you at Tres Gatos...., Grab your secret weapon...., Pass down the gift of vinyl....., Song of the Day, A never before heard Talking Heads instrumental for your Friday night...., A Christmas card to us from Merge Records...its hanging in the store now, and the entire Merge staff signed it. To them, we say thanks for an amazing 2013 and we hope to have a very mutually successful 2014 together!, There's still some great reads at Tres Gatos looking for a new home in the New Year! Take home the gift of a great read!, song of the day, null, Some of the incredible records that somehow survived the holidays are still at Tres Gatos, looking for great homes..., null, null, THE GATOS ARE BACK IN ACTION! Open tonight with regular hours in the restaurant and store., To all of our friends -- new and old -- Merry Christmas from the Gatos! We'll be open again tomorrow at 5:30pm, so if you're stuffed with goose today and are looking for something lighter tomorrow, we hope you'll stop by and share some holiday cheer with us!, null, Get all your cats together and head to Tres Gatos, where we've got a FULL MENU available until 7pm. As you shop for those last minute presents, treat yourself to wine, beer, a lamb bocadillo, some patatas bravas, and whatever else tickles your whiskers. These Gatos are waiting to serve you!, Three things I can't believe are still here on Christmas Eve....

DONNA TARTT THE GOLDFINCH

THE CLASH HITS BACK

CROSLEY KEEPSAKE USB TURNTABLE..., null, Merry Christmas!, This is out on January 14th through our friends at Matador. Pre-order now., Twas the night before the night before Christmas
and all over the 3 Cats
People bought books and records
at barstools they sat
Overjoyed to know we've restocked the best,
 the records you want to give your loved ones more then the rest....

WE'VE GOT ARCADE FIRE AND THE NATIONAL(this store manager's two favorite albums of the year) as well as SHARON JONES, OTIS REDDING, TOWNES VAN ZANDT and other essential music on CD and vinyl. We are open til 11pm tonight and from noon to 7pm tomorrow. Get those last gifts in!, Give the gift of dub and reggae on vinyl. Tres Gatos is open and filling any and all holes in your Christmas list., Song of the Day, Theres still alot of great vinyl looking for a home this holiday season, including wax from BIG BROTHER AND THE HOLDING COMPANY, BIG STAR, MAJOR LAZER, SERGE GAINSBOURG and many many more!, Give them a gift they'll really love...the gift of a classic read from PENGUIN...featuring some of the greatest works of all time. These are gorgeous stocking stuffers and we are crazy about all of them, and in particular, partial to the DH LAWRENCE., Song of the Day, On December 29th, come celebrate great art, great music, and a tremendous talent, the great JJ Gonson, a Boston legend and a very dear friend of Tres Gatos., SALE VINYL RETURNS TO TRES GATOS with deals on used vinyl ranging from 20-50 percent off all the way through Christmas! These are great albums by left of the dial artists that deserve a good home, including classics by REM, DEVO, ERIC BURDON and PINETOP PERKINS and ranging all the way to compilations of garage rock from Portland, Oregon in the 1960s, remix albums of vintage Dinosaur Jr. tracks, and as ever, the infamous club single released by Jersey Shore's THE SITUATION., song of the day, The best stocking stuffer is a good 45 RPM record and here at Tres Gatos, we have thousands to choose from, including DAVID BOWIE, LOW covering RIHANNA, BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, OTIS REDDING/ARETHA FRANLKIN and many many more!, BRUNCH at Tres Gatos this weekend means: pancakes, eggs benedict, etc.; live jazz on Saturday with Alfred Marra; last-minute shopping for books, records, and CDs; cocktails to take the edge off your holiday stress. Have a great weekend!, Song of the Day, Tres Gatos Has Turntables! The perfect holiday gift is the gift of a USB turntable, which can convert and store vinyl records onto the hard drive of your computer. All of the turntables featured here are portable and have speakers built in, making them a perfect addition to poker nights, night-caps, office parties, BBQs, beach houses, cooking in the kitchen, and just about anything else you can think of., MATADOR RECORDS sent us some of the best records of the year, including LEE RENALDO, SAVAGES, KURT VILE and many more, on CD and vinyl. These are essential stocking stuffers., Tres Gatos will be participating in the soul brunch, as many of you know. We are pumped., ITS NEW BOOK DAY AT 3CATS, and we've got some of our biggest sellers back in stock for the holidays, including MURAKAMI, HARBACH, TARTT, MONRO, David Mitchell, Geraldine Brooks and many many more!, Holiday shopping can be stressful. But it doesn't have to be. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the candy cane and chocolate merenge by Gato pastry chef Allyson West, being served all day at Tres Gatos. We are open and ready to serve you! We are currently blasting U2 OCTOBER, which we have in stock on vinyl., The book and record store at Tres Gatos will be opening at noon on Thursday, Friday, Monday and Tuesday, so if you have any last minute holiday shopping, fear not! Coffee will be served and merenges will be eaten, but remember to use the sidedoor. We've got turntables, books, vinyl and CDs that are sure to thrill anybody on your list, and we can't wait to see you. Happy Holidays!, Happy Birthday to Keith Richards from the 3Cats!, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, featuring new vinyl from PAUL MCCARTNEY, FOXYGEN, ST. VINCENT and many many more!, While we of course prefer to buy our music from independent record stores, we applaud Target for taking stand for physical music. Shame on Columbia Records for spitting in the face of physical music retailers. http://www.digitaltrends.com/apple/target-severs-ties-beyonce-digital-first-album-release/, Tres Gatos has been chosen to be a location for a Sharon Jones Soul Brunch, happening on January 5! This listening party will be the premiere of her new album, "Give the People What They Want," which will be released on Jan 14. We'll listen to the album in its entirety and will be taking pre-orders. We'll also be giving away cool stuff, including a test pressing (hand-numbered by Sharon), a Daptone slipmat, and colored vinyl 7" singles. Our chef will be adding a new brunch dish, Biscuits and Gravy, and we'll be premiering a new cocktail, the Daptonic! Reservations are highly recommended; brunch will run an extra hour, from 10am until 3pm., Brain-Food., Tonight's wine flight: RED WINE FOR SNOWY CONDITIONS. We'll be tasting three reds whose spice, body and texture make them ideal wines to savor in this chilly weather: '11 Bodegas Nekeas "El Chapparal," '09 Mustiguillo "Mestis," '04 La Rioja Alta "Vina Ardanza.", Morrissey's autobiography is at Tres Gatos and we think the Mozzer would approve...., Not a Christmas song, but a great snowy night song...., OUTSIDE: cold, blowing snow. INSIDE: tapas, red wine, eggnog, records & books. Tres Gatos is your neighborhood refuge when Old Man Winter blows!, As the holiday shopping season winds down, the Tres Gatos team would like to say a heartfelt THANK YOU to our loyal regulars who make a point to support their local independent stores. Shopping at an indie store like Tres Gatos is a vote for community over discounting. You can find stuff cheaper on-line, but we offer personalized service, live music shows, a book club, author events, and a commitment to the artists in our neighborhood. We're grateful to all of you who understand the importance of small book & record shops and do your best to keep us afloat. Happy Holidays!, null, There is no better present than a good record, especially on a cold day. At Tres Gatos, we've got everything from MUDDY WATERS/THE ROLLING STONES LIVE, to LEE MORGAN, to JAMES BLAKE, and everything in between...., UNFATHOMABLE CITY BY REBECCA SOLNIT AND REBECCA SNEDECKER is the story of New Orleans as told through maps and atlases and is the perfect gift for anybody who'd rather be in Nola., December Song of the Day, Our Monday live music series continues tonight with Hoss & the High Lonesomes, who conclude their "Spanish Named Restaurant Tour" with us! Bring some friends (or a date, or a date and some friends), have a drink or two, and we guarantee you will be anything BUT lonesome., Give the gift of Miles on Vinyl., If only we had the space...., Song of the Day, The Gatos are celebrating BLUEGRASS this week. Today it's Cold Chocolate playing an afternoon show (2:30pm), and tomorrow night we welcome Hoss & the High Lonesomes. Show starts at 9pm, no cover, kitchen stays open until 11pm. Skate right over to the Gatos on that black ice and enjoy some great bluegrass!, null, Why didn't we think of this?, Tomorrow at 230, fight the snow and cold to warm up with some great tunes at COLD CHOCOLATE storms the stage at Tres Gatos! No cover!, Don't fret! Tres Gatos will help you find the perfect record!, INSIDE THE DREAM PALACE: THE LIFE AND TIMES OF NEW YORK'S LEGENDARY CHELSEA HOTEL BY SHERILL TIPPINS is at Tres Gatos in hardcover and is one of the very coolest books we have in stock!, December Song of the Day, OK, there's a snowstorm coming, but we're New Englanders so let's not stay cooped up at home. Here are a few things at the Gatos to warm you up: 1) eggs benedict with smoked duck breast for brunch, 2) lots of red wine, 3) shopping for books & records while listening to great music, 4) Foolproof Porter on draft, 5) blue hubbard squash soup, 6) hot chocolate. Viva la snow!, Christmas Cats On Parade!!

(Photo by Caitlin Amaral), From our friends at FORCED EXPOSURE comes some great new vinyl, just in time for the weekend, including COUNTRY FUNK, NINA SIMONE, THE SLITS, Spaghetti Western Soundtracks, Scott Walker, The Flaming Lips, Modern Lovers and many many more!, Christmas Song of the Day, Give the gift that keeps on giving---the gift of a cookbook!, Why is Ethan K playing another jazz brunch at Tres Gatos? Because we LOVE his guitar playing, and we urge you to give him a listen if you haven't already. What better way to start a cold, December weekend than hearty food, a bloody mary, and some great jazz guitar?, From the desk of our own intrepid Caitlin Amaral....., December song of the day, If you're still on the fence with your New Year's Eve plans, we hope you'll consider joining us at Tres Gatos. In lieu of a pricey prix fixe menu, we're going to offer our regular tapas menu with some special, one-night-only additions. Plus a cava toast at midnight and a music party until 1:30am. Kitchen stays open til 11:30pm. Reservations highly recommended., Just in time for the holidays, its NEW RECORD DAY, featuring THELONIOUS MONK, ODDBALL GARAGE HITS OF THE 1960'S, BUDDY HOLLY AND THE CRICKETS FIRST ALBUM, plus Nina Simone, Vampire Weekend, James Blake, Morphine, Lake Street Dive and many many more!, Records aren't just for listening to, you know...., Song of the Day, On occasion, Tres Gatos loves to host a private party, especially for regulars or a local company we like, and we're doing one tonight (the store will be open to the public). We apologize to our regulars for any inconvenience. If you'd like the Gatos to host a party for you, please call 617-477-4851; we'd be happy to discuss options with you., Don't get tangled up in stress: If you're stumped by someone on your gift list, we hope you'll consider a Tres Gatos gift card. They can be used at the restaurant or the book & record store, and they never expire (meaning they will outlast the zombie apocalypse)!, TEN BIG STIFFS is a great box set of collectible 45's featured in this years BLACK FRIDAY/RECORD STORE DAY sale. It features some of the coolest new wave and punk ever to come out of the UK, including Wreckless Eric, Kirsty MacColl, Desmond Dekker, Tracy Ullman(!!!), Jona Lewie and many many more!, THE 34 TON BAT: THE STORY OF BASEBALL AS TOLD THROUGH BOBBLE HEADS, CRACKER JACKS, JOCK STRAPS, EYE BLACK AND 375 OTHER STRANGE AND UNFORGETTABLE OBJECTS BY STEVE RUSHIN is the perfect gift for a baseball fan, and we have been sneaking reading it at work!, Song of the Day, From the highly respected cellar of El Maestro Sierra comes the three sherries for tonight's flight: 12 year Amontillado, 15 year Oloroso, and Medium Amoroso. Celebrate the snow with a sherry flight!, null, Don't forget-all USED VINYL is 10 percent off tonight, and every night when Tres Gatos has LIVE MUSIC. What kind of used vinyl?  THE DOORS, JIMI HENDRIX, BOB DYLAN, Warren Zevon, U2, Peter Tosh, Queen, Ray Charles and thousands more!, Song of the Day, The two bestselling titles of the winter are back in stock at Tres Gatos, so if you need to get that special something for the bookworm on your list, DONNA TARTT or JHUMPA LAHIRI might be just the thing...., Don't let a little sleet/snow/rain get you down. Start your week off right with some live jazz with the Brian Friedland duo at 9pm tonight. Kitchen stays open until 11pm, no cover!, Even Santa Claus is a DJ...., Have a friend who collects used records? The perfect presents are at Tres Gatos, where we have USED VINYL from JAMES BROWN, The Doors, The Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley, The Band, Bob Dylan, Queen and many many more! Happy Holidays!, Tres Gatos wants to help you find the perfect thing for under the tree...or part of the tree itself. We've got GREAT HOLIDAY READS here, from The Hunger Games to Little Bee, from Just Kids to The Hobbit, from The Last Picture Show to The Savage Detectives, from IQ84 to Telegraph Avenue.....stop by and grab a book you KNOW they'll love!, Currently spinning at Tres Gatos....., Charles Bradley covering Black Sabbath? It's very very real., During jazz brunch, all USED VINYL is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos, including the incredible debut album by Warren Zevon...., December Song of the Day, Want some jazz with your brunch? Vibraphonist Alfred Marra plays today at 11am with guitarist Eric Hofbauer. There is no cover. Happy Saturday!, Tres Gatos has you covered for Christmas music this year, from 60'S GIRL GROUPS to jazz, from John Fahey to She and Him, from Bright Eyes to Bing Crosby.....the perfect yuletide wax awaits!, DELTA SPIRIT 'ODE TO SUNSHINE' is finally on VINYL at Tres Gatos!, Song of the Day, No ordinary man indeed., The Gatos were wide-eyed yesterday as the crew of "Restaurant Wanted" (on the Food Network) took over our restaurant to shoot an upcoming episode featuring Matt and Andrea, who plan to open Aurum in JP early next year. Thanks to the entire crew for giving us a day of LIGHTS, CAMERA, ACTION. And best of luck to Matt and Andrea!, Tres Gatos FIRST THURSDAY artist for this month is JJ Gonson, who will be displaying rare and candid photos of Elliot Smith, Nirvana, Motorhead and more at Gatos. Gonson was a huge figure in the early 90's Portland rock scene, took the album cover photo for Smith's Roman Candle album, is a sparkplug and iconoclastic patron of the arts and now runs Cuisine en Locale. Oh, and her sister is in the Magnetic Fields. Come out and see a truly historic art show tonight at Tres Gatos., THE NAME IS THIS BAND IS THE TALKING HEADS is on vinyl at Tres Gatos and is a must-have for any fan of new wave, live shows or 70's art rock. Fantastic., The vinyl torch has been passed to a new generation....., song of the day, It IS true. None of these bands ever sounded the same after you saw the following movie scenes...., Its NEW RECORD DAY at 3Cats and we are pumped for KURT VILE'S NEW EP, ITS A BIG WORLD OUT THERE(AND IM SCARED) as well as great wax from Delta Spirit, Talking Heads, Nina Simone, Bombino, Morphine, Valerie June and many many more! Find the perfect wax from the vinyl hound on your list., We've got just what you need for the reader on your list!!! From FURIOUS COOL to Bossypants, from Chomsky to John Waters, from Amy Tan to Charles Bukowski, we have it here, and we want you to find the perfect present at 3cats!, Tonight's wine flight features three delicious reds from the prestigious DOC of Priorat. This is a remote, hilly region with low yields and difficult harvesting conditions. The resulting wines tend to be intense and minerally. We like these wines a lot, and hope you'll join us., December Song of the Day, THE ROY ORBISON MONUMENTAL VINYL BOX is one of the very coolest things we have floating around at the shop and would make a perfect holiday gift for any collector. It features three albums Orbison recorded between 1960 and 1964, plus a fourth compiled by his sons featuring non-album singles and b-sides....simply put, a lot of great rockabilly/country and pop and something worth listening to for years to come., null, Song of the Day, Our sherry flight tonight features three different styles -- a Manzanilla, an Amontillado, and an Oloroso -- each paired with different cheese. This is a great chance to taste the nuances and pair-ability of sherry!, Don't forget! Used vinyl is 10 percent off tonight because we've got LIVE MUSIC. What kinda used vinyl? PATTI SMITH, Neil Young, Warren Zevon, U2, Bobby Darin, Vampire Weekend, Stan Getz and literally thousands more!, LOW 'STAY(originally by Rihanna)' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos on a cool RSD 45 rpm record with SHEARWATER on the back covering Frank Ocean. How cool is that?, December Song of the Day, Bluegrass fans, tonight's your night! Please join us for the highly talented duo of Molly Tuttle and John Mailander. Molly is well known for her flatpicking on guitar and her bluegrass banjo, and John is a highly respected fiddle player who has shared the stage with Alison Brown, among others. Show starts at 9pm, no cover, kitchen open until 11pm., null, BILLY BRAGG AND WILCO 'MERMAID AVENUE' Parts 1-2-3 are at Tres Gatos on vinyl and they are BEYOND gorgeous. We humbly think this is one of the best records of the last 20 years and it NEEDS a home., ITS DECEMEBER AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!, Vinyl is booming in New Zealand too, as it turns out. By the way, any cool record or vinyl themed stuff you folks ever see, feel free to send to Gatos. We will re-post it and give you ALL the credit. This weekend has proven that vinyl sales are on the rise, with passionate and eclectic fans of music coming together and celebrating their passion. We couldn't be happier. , null, One of the coolest Black Friday releases still floating around is BOB DYLAN SIDETRACKS, a 3 LP set of rarities and b-sides that is gorgeous and essential for collectors., Don't forget that today is Small Business Saturday. Get out there and support local!, Thanks to Urban Daddy for including our Black Friday party in the Weekender. We still have lots of cool vinyl left, though sadly, our chocolate vinyl cookies are gone. And yes, they WERE that sexy! , Had enough turkey? Why not join us for brunch today and enjoy some great jazz with Ethan K. Music starts at 11am, brunch runs from 10am to 2pm. Oh...and if you need a little hair of the dog, we have bloody marys, meow-mosas, etc., We had a great Black Friday. It was busy, we got to drink coffee and beer with our very good friends and neighbors, and it never resorted to the kind of mindless chaos in this photo. We thank everyone who came out and supported us today, and for those who didn't(and particularly those with AMEX) we hope you stop by for Small Business Saturday tomorrow!, Black Friday sale, going on now(and the bar is now OPEN), Black Friday Vinyl Cookies at Tres Gatos!, IN ONE HOUR!, One final reminder to come join us bright and early in the morning for our best Black Friday sale yet. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone, and we can't wait to see you all tomorrow!!!, Rapid Fire Black Friday Roundup...., Its the LAST NEW RECORD DAY BEFORE BLACK FRIDAY! We've got classic wax in stock from ELLIOT SMITH, Washed Out, Coleman Hawkins, Little Walter, Mazzy Star, Temple of the Dog, Bob Dylan, T Rex and many many more!, Do you need a good book for the Thanksgiving weekend? We've got you covered at Tres Gatos. We've got great new reads in stock, including VALLEY OF AMAZEMENT, the latest from AMY TAN, as well as classics from Michael Chabon, Tana French, Twan Ten Eng, Tim Krabbe and many many more!, We hope you'll join us for a celebratory flight tonight, featuring three wines from CELLER PIÑOL: a white (Portal) and two reds (Ludovicus and Sa Natura).  Kitchen's open until 10pm. Happy Thanksgiving!, It was only a matter of time for this one too! Happy Thanksgiving everybody!, The records are here! Hundreds of special titles from RECORD STORE DAY, featuring some of your favorite classic artists as well as the bands of tomorrow, are being priced under great secrecy as we speak at Tres Gatos, ready for the 10am Black Friday Sale. Books, turntables, and other items will be discounted, free pastries and coffee will be served, and somebody is winning a free Crosley Turntable! We will see you at Ten AM!, null, The new Destroyer is out today!, Exciting stuff today from MERGE and SUB POP RECORDS. Merge sends us the latest EP from DESTROYER, 5 Spanish Songs, along with the new-classic SHE AND HIM CHRISTMAS(yes it's that time of yeaaaar) while SUB POP sends us the latest from SHEARWATER as well as a re-issue of Screaming Life, the debut record by SOUNDGARDEN!!!!!!! Truly fantastic wax coming from some of our favorite indie vendors tonight!, It was only a matter of time...., Dear Gatos Extended Family: Don't be this cat! If the weather delays your travels tomorrow, or you're waiting for friends and family to arrive, or you just happen to be home with no food, swing by for a drink or a bite to eat. Kitchen will be open til 10pm. Safe travels, everyone., Don't forget-all used vinyl is ten percent off tonight for LIVE MUSIC at Tres Gatos, including THE PRETENDERS, The Allman Brothers, Herbie Hancock and about 5,000 other titles., A fantastic article..., All us Gatos were singing this one last night...., Local Jamaica Plain hero Mike Greensteen storms Tres Gatos tonight for a night of fantastic live music with NO COVER. 9pm sharp., This festive week starts off on the right note with jazz by the Mike Greenstein trio at 9pm tonight. No cover, kitchen stays open until 11pm. Time to revel, Gatos. The calendar says Monday but let's pretend it's not!, Tres Gatos will be CLOSED Thanksgiving Day, but open at 10am for Black Friday, and we'll offer regular brunch and dinner service over the weekend. We're thankful to our neighborhood, and to all of our loyal regulars, for your support in this, our third and best, year. Happy Thanksgiving from the Gatos!, We don't have 9 cent records, but we should....., IF YOU'RE FEELING SINISTER BY BELLE AND SEBASTIAN is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, song of the day, Today at 3PM, Amex-holding Gatos: next Saturday is Small Biz Saturday, and if register at ShopSmall.com and spend at least $10 at a qualifying shop (we are), Amex will give you a one-time $10 credit! Sounds like (almost) a free book or record! Thank you for supporting your local indie stores., TOMORROW!, null, Christmas comes early for fans of the Band, as THE LAST WALTZ is on brand new 180 gram vinyl at Tres Gatos. This concert also features Bob Dylan, Eric Clapton, Van Morrison, Muddy Waters and many more, and is simply one of the greatest concert albums of all time. A must have., November Song of the Day, Shout Out for Our Black Friday Sale in the Metro!, If you want a great read for a rainy night, we Gatos say you can't get much better then Let the Great World Spin by Colum McCann. Its in paperback at the Gatos, and since it came out...boy, years ago now...we've always loved it., A week from today!, November Song of the Day, A typical night at the Gatos..., In addition to all the new titles in stock, we also have some good ol' classics to send you back in time, like Purple by Stone Temple Pilots. Check it out!, song of the day:, DEAR VINYL-LOVING GATOS: We'll bet our three cats that we will have THE best Black Friday selection of cool and limited edition vinyl in JP. Doors open at 10am sharp with free coffee and chocolate record cookies. Bar opens at 2pm. Fun guaranteed., The finest fashion...., Its NEW RECORD DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring the latest from CUT COPY, titled FREE YOUR MIND, as well as brand new wax from Tindersticks and Amanda Palmer/Neil Gaimen as well as classic records from Otis Redding, The Band, Bad Brains, Syl Johnson, Built to Spill and dozens more!, THE GOLDFINCH by DONNA TARTT is back in stock by popular demand at Tres Gatos, as well as other great reads by Max Brooks, Ben Fountain, Jayne Anne Phillips, Ishmeal Reed and many many more!, November Song of the Day, Happy 20th to Bella Luna Restaurant & Milky Way Lounge! This is a beloved JP institution, an old neighbor of Rhythm & Muse, and exactly the kind of community business that we need more of. Join in their birthday celebration tonight with live music from LoveSexy at 9pm. We miss you in Hyde Square! Love, the Gatos, Tonight's wine flight features three cool weather whites: a godello, a xarel-lo, and a garnacha blanca. These are delicious any time of year, but we think you'll find that they hold up just fine in this brisk weather., Tres Gatos is chock full of great used vinyl, including classic wax from CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL, Ella Fitzgerald, Bobby Bland, The Pretenders, Max Roach and thousands more., song of the day, The Harvest Moon has come and gone, but at some of your local farms, the harvest is still going on. We celebrate the produce of Stillman's Farm tonight with a four course, vegetarian tasting menu, with optional meat supplements and wine pairings. Reservations recommended, but walk-ins welcome. Eat hearty, Gatos, for old Man Winter is bearing down!, Dont Forget-ALL USED VINYL IS TEN PERCENT OFF TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!, November Song of the Day, Tonight at 9pm, Phil Scarff, Lewis Porter and Jason Davis invade Tres Gatos for a night of jazz and revelry. Stop by and listen to some swingin' good music tonight at Tres Gatos. No cover!, A fantastic vinyl story in the Globe, namechecking both Allston's legendary In Your Ear and Crosley turntables, which we stock at Tres Gatos!, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K53d3kKBPKo, TODAYYYYYYY!!!!, While chef Marcos Sanchez and bar manager Mira Stella are representing Tres Gatos at Boston Magazine's fantastic Taste event tomorrow, the home cats will be hosting the talented jazz duo of Lewis Porter (keyboards) and Phil Scarff (sax). Show starts at 9pm, no cover, reservations recommended., LOU REED 'TRANSFORMER' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD and is a)one of the greatest records ever made b)a living tribute to a legendary songwriter and c)the perfect soundtrack for a cold November night..., tomorrow!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3LonXfRDMs, Tres Gatos has turntables back in stock, including the always popular CROSLEY COLLEGIATE, as well as other bestselling models like the KEEPSAKE and the CR40. Stop by and give them a listen!, If you wake up hungry tomorrow AND you're in the mood for some great live music, swing by to hear the very talented duo of Selina Elsie and Balam Garcia. This is a great guitar duo, with Selina's soulful voice thrown in. Show starts around 11am, no cover, reservations recommended., song of the day, Two weeks from today! Thanks so much to Kerry Laurentia for the wonderful artwork, and we hope to see you all there!!!, Our very own JP Pond showing off a beautiful fall sunset last night. Speaking of fall, next Tuesday (11/19) we're offering a one-night-only four course vegetarian dinner featuring produce from Stillman's farm. Optional meat supplements AND wine pairings. Reservations highly recommended. Come celebrate the harvest with the Gatos!, It's true!, We have plenty of winter weather vinyl in stock at Tres Gatos, including Nada Surf LET GO, Modest Mouse MOON AND ANTARTICA, Destroyer RUBIES, and so many more. Come cure your cold November blues!, song of the day:, Thanks to our local firefighters for helping with the Toys for Tots campaign. Tres Gatos is one of a number of local businesses where you can drop off a new, unwrapped toy. Toys will be picked up during JP Firefighters' Pub Crawl next Thursday 11/21 starting at 3pm. How 'bout tagging along and buying a drink for one of your local firefighters? Gracias, gatos!, Don't worry, Charlie: we've got plenty of The Smiths, Bright Eyes, Chet Baker, The National, Sharo Van Etten, Nick Drake, classic country and whatever else you need to get you in the mood you need to be in. Sometimes sad songs are the best songs., What do YOU think?, NEW RECORD DAY IS HERE!!! We've got JANELLE MONAE 'THE ELECTRIC LADY', restocks of the new ARCADE FIRE, and great wax from Built To Spill, Van Morrison, Nada Surf, RL Burnside, Iron and Wine and many many more!!!!!!, NEW BOOK DAY is led by SHERRY TURKLE'S ALONE TOGETHER, and also features great reads from Donna Tartt, Colum McCann, JD Salinger and many many more!, Its very cold today. It's leaving us Gatos with the chills., Tonight's wine fight features three reds from the northeast region of Spain (specifically, Montsant, Terra Alta, and Priorat). This is an area known for minerally soils, harsh weather and low-yielding vines. We urge you to give these distinctive wines a try., Want to get together with friends and family this holiday season but not sure you want to host them at home? We've got just the spot for you -- our big blue chef's table! Seats 8 to 10 comfortably, and you can take over the whole room if your party grows (up to 15).

Happy Holidays from the Gatos!, http://vivoscene.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Records-Cartoons-7.jpg, Yes, we're bullish on sherry. And because we think it's such a great flight, we're going to repeat the Palo Cortado flight from last week, with food pairings. This rare form of sherry falls somewhere between an oloroso and an amontillado, and is a must-try if you're interested in sherry., Don't forget-all used records are 10 percent off tonight, as it's LIVE MUSIC MONDAY, including AC/DC, Madonna, Herbie Hancock, Dave Brubeck, Aerosmith, REM, and thousands more!, In honor of our musical guest tonight..., Tonight, make your hair big and set your makeup on 'Adrianna from the Sopranos' and hop over to Tres Gatos for a night celebrating the man, the myth, the legend, Rod Stewart, as performed by Jamaica Plain's own Jay Gates. This is a show you won't wanna miss. 9pm, no cover., Thanks to Scott Kearnan and Zagat for including Tres Gatos in this fine list of Boston hangouts. If you love great food, music, books, beer and wine, we don't care how hip you are. All cats welcome!, Rod Stewart fans, if you've never seen a show, swing by Tres Gatos tonight and watch JP's very own Jay Gates perform a Rod Stewart tribute show. Show starts at 9pm, no cover, kitchen stays open until 11pm. See it, hear it, believe it., Dark beer lovers, we hope you'll try our new draft beer: Raincloud by the talented brewing team at Foolproof in RI. Brewed with chocolate and crystal malts, this beer is smooth, complex and rich, with just the right amount of bitterness -- perfect for this chilly weather., Today at 2:30!, song of the day, Records are your friends...., null, DONT FORGET: there is a signing/reading/Q and A at Tres Gatos Tomorrow afternoon! Come and celebrate amazing new works from two extraordinary Irish authors!, QUIET DELL by JAYNE ANNE PHILLIPS is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover(and full disclosure, she ate here a week ago and we were all fanboying out), null, November Song of the Day, TEGAN AND SARA 'GET ALONG', live album featuring fiften classic T and S tracks...., HOCKEY 'TOO FAKE' 7 INCH, JIMI HENDRIX IN THE WEST 7 INCH....JOHNNY B GOODE/PURPLE HAZE, There are not one but TWO amazing events this weekend. On Sunday at 230pm, Peter Murphy and Paul Lynch, two exciting Irish authors, will be doing a reading and Q and A at Tres Gatos. At the same time, from noon to 4 on Sunday, Tres Gatos will be selling records and books at the JP Art and Record Fair at Spontaneous Celebrations. Come to one event, come to both, and continue to help us create a more vinyl and literature-centric JP., Preparing for BLACK FRIDAY 2013, we've got a whole section of past RECORD STORE DAY and BLACK FRIDAY RELEASES ready at Tres Gatos, including past classics from the Grateful Dead, Jimmy Cliff, Tegan and Sara, Esperanza Spaulding, Taj Mahal, Beastie Boys and dozens and dozens more! Stop by and check them out., November Song of the Day, New items on our menu: Nantucket Bay Scallop Ceviche, Smoked Spanish Mackerel Pâté, Steak Tartare, Fried Whole Butterfish, and Blue Hubbard Soup. Enjoy!, time to get some new records!, Edith Piaf's La Vie en Rose is on beautiful vinyl at Tres Gatos, a perfect album for rainy November nights...., song of the day, If you're lucky enough to have scored a ticket to tonight's Goose Island Beer-B-Que event at the Exchange Center -- featuring this Chicago brewery's delicious craft beer -- say hey to Tres Gatos chef Marcos Sanchez. He joins other top Boston chefs in creating delicious bites to complement all that beer. Go Marcos!, AVETT BROTHERS 'MAGPIE AND THE DANDELION' is at Tres Gatos as part of NEW RECORD DAY, as well as great wax from Leonard Cohen, Big Star, Nick Drake, Edith Piaf, The Velvet Underground, the Head and the Heart, The Knife and many many more!, MALCOLM GLADWELL 'DAVID AND GOLIATH' leads the pack on New Book Day, along with great reads from Jayne Anne Philiips, Junot Diaz, Jan-Phillips Sendker and many many more!, November Song of the Day, Tonight's wine flight features three reds from esteemed producer La Rioja Alta. This area of Rioja, with its higher elevation and limestone soil, produces some of the region's finest wines. We'll be tasting 2006 Viña Alberdi, 2001 Reserva Especial Viña Ardanza, and 2004 Reserva Viña Ardanza. We hope you can join us., We're thrilled to host a special, one-night-only prix fixe dinner featuring produce from Stillman's Farm on Tuesday, November 19. In lieu of our normal tapas menu, we will feature a four course vegetarian menu (with optional meat supplements) with wine pairings. The tasting menu will be $45, and the optional wine pairings will be $20.

We hope you'll consider joining us for this dinner, in celebration of autumn, wine, and local agriculture. Reservations highly recommended. Please call 617-477-4851 for more details., NICK CAVE AND THE BAD SEEDS LIVE IN GERMANY 1996 is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and is perfect music for a cold Autumn night...., Theres a record lover out there for everyone...., Tonight's sherry flight features three Palo Cortados, a rare variety of sherry that initially ages under a protective flor, then unexpectedly loses its flor and begins to age oxidatively. Only 1 to 2% of grapes pressed for sherry become Palo Cortado, so think of it as a delicious rarity. Tonight's flight includes food pairings. Happy Tuesday!, What IS a rocking chair, anyway?, song of the day, Even the fuzz dig records...., Tomorrow is Election Day. Don't forget to get out and vote!!, All used records are 10 percent off, as its live music night at Tres Gatos. That includes great wax from REM, AC/DC, Fats Domino, Steve Earle, Aerosmith, and thousands more., Rocking Horse Rodeo returns to Tres Gatos tonight with some fantastic old time country and fiddle tunes. Music starts at 9pm, kitchen stays open until 11pm. If you've never checked out this great local band, here's your chance!, AFROBEAT AIRWAYS 2: RETURN FLIGHT TO GHANA 1974-83 is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and is the best possible way to dance away these cold nights!, null, DAVID BYRNE 'HOW MUSIC WORKS' is now out in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Another Novel Song...., Well said., THE OFFICIAL CBGB SOUNDTRACK is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD, featuring The Talking Heads, Dead Boys, Blondie, The Velvet Underground, Richard Hell, Television and many many more, it is essentially listening for the punk and new wave fan., null, We are still loving our '5 Drink Minimum' write up by the infamous Dan McCarthy in this week's Dig, and we high-five all the other neighborhood bars whose drinks Dan rightly celebrates..., November is STILL National Novel Month., Our special brunch tortilla today features charred Shishito peppers and chive aioli. Jazz with Brian Friedland begins at 11am. Hope to see you before or after the Sox parade., The Tres Gatos Artist for the Month of November is Cydney Cnossem. Cydney is a Mass Art grad who is displaying some truly vivid surreal oil paintings and we are pumped to have her! Stop by and check out this amazing work!, November is National Novel Month., New Book Day Is Here In Time for the Weekend!! We've got THIS IS HOW YOU LOSE HER: DELUXE EDITION BY JUNOT DIAZ, as well as great reads from David Byrne, Howard Zinn, Alice Munro, Michelle Alexander, Don DeLillo, and many many more!, NOW., HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!, Don your best costume and come out to Tres Gatos for a rockin' Halloween Bash with prizes for best costumes. First prize is a $50 gift card, second prize is an autographed copy of 'Drown,' and third prize is the newest album by Arcade Fire. TONIGHT from 10 PM - Midnight. See you there!, Tonight we are featuring three reds from old world Rioja producer Lopez de Heredia. We'll be pouring the 2005 Cubillo Crianza, 2003 Bosconia Reserva and the 2001 Tondonia Reserva. Come in and try three dry, funky, fresh reds!, Its New Record Day(part 23) and we've got some great titles for you, ranging from WILCO to Drake, from Gram Parsons to Black Sabbath, from James Booker to Pink Floyd, from Kurt Vile to Death Cab for Cutie, from Kenny Dorham to Rodriguez, and EVERYTHING in between!, We are beyond flattered to be featured in the '5 Drink Minimum' article of the Weekly Dig(for the delicious Fall Bambo) and Boston Magazine's 50 Best Restaurant's. If you happen to see either on the news stand, pick it up and take a look, and tonight, we say GO SOX!, Join us for the party of the century tomorrow night. First prize is a 50 dollar Gatos gift card, second prize is an autographed copy of Junot Diaz 'Drown' and third prize is a copy of the new Arcade Fire album on CD., null, Not to be overshadowed by the Arcade Fire, we also got an order in from our friends at Forced Exposure, right here in the metro-Boston area, featuring everything from 60's French pop to 80's afrobeat to Booker T and MGs to rockabilly essentials to Arthur Russell...., The lead single off the new Arcade Fire record(and a pretty amazing video), At long last, it's finally here....ARCADE FIRE 'REFLEKTOR' on CD and vinyl. This is absolutely the record release of the year, and we will be spinning it all night, as well as the other great albums from this amazing band...We hate to state preferences, but we'll just say it. This is the best band in the world today., Nice pumpkin., Tomorrow., Need a (short) break from the Sox, or just don't care? Join us for live music tonight with the supremely talented Michael Tarbox (of the Tarbox Ramblers) and Rob Flax. You'll hear a mix of blues, Appalachian music, and gospel. Show starts at 9pm, kitchen stays open until 11pm, no cover!, For those of you who couldn't get to the event on Friday, all of the copies of DROWN by JUNOT DIAZ we have in stock have been signed by the author!! Stop in and pick one up today!, We're excited about two new seafood tapas on our menu: Smoked Spanish Mackerel Pâté with mustard crackers, and Local Sardines with pickled cherry tomatoes and gaeta olives., THE VELVET UNDERGROUND 'PROMINENT MEN' is a fan club only bootleg record featuring demos from the And Nico...and White Light White Heat records. We've also got the proper White Light/White Heat album in stock and are working on getting more Lou and the Velvets in stock early this week. This is the reason record stores were invented. Come by tonight and request Lou songs and talk about this American musical tragedy., So long and farewell to an American music legend, one of the greatest songwriters of all time, and the founder of The Velvet Underground, one of the most influential bands ever. Lou Reed was a mystic, a iconoclast, and a hero to the demented and depraved everywhere. RIP Lou., In just moments!, Just in time for Halloween, MAGGOT BRAIN by FUNKADELIC is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, Simply put., In honor of the Red Sox, all used vinyl is 10 percent off today at Tres Gatos, including KATE BUSH, Roy Orbison, Steve Earle, Jimmy McGriff, Elvis Costello, X, The Happy Mondays and thousands more!, We need a little bit of that 2004 Magic. Go Sox. Autumn Song of the Day., It's a big day, SOX FANS! How about a plate of scrambled eggs with crispy jamon serrano, or eggs benedict with smoked duck breast? Maybe a Bloody Mary or two? And if you're a jazz fan, we have live music with Ethan K at 11am. Start the day right with a visit to the Gatos. GO SOX!, We. Want. One., We aren't doing it for Book Club until next month but now is a perfect time to check out ALICE MUNRO'S SELECTED STORIES and lean against a nice tree, leaves falling around you, soaking up the Autumn sun and enjoying some truly beautiful writing., Autumn Song of the Day, Autumn Song of the Day, null, CROSLEY COLLEGIATE leads the pack of some of our favorite turntables, back in stock! We've also got the Crosley Advance, the Crosley Keepsake and the Crosley CR40, all for your listening pleasure! Stop by and pick them up!, Our very own Chef Marcos Sanchez and Tyler Karlen at the Copley Square Farmers Market for the BostonCANshare campaign ended up in this week's Metro. How cool is that?, If you're in our neck of the woods tonight and need some fortification -- before or during the SOX game -- our tempranillo wine flight may be just the boost you need. This is an extremely versatile grape, and we think it's perfect for this chilly fall weather. GO SOX!, Tres Gatos says Go Sox!!! Tonight, in honor of the boys, we're selling all used records and books for 20 percent off and all new records by bearded folks-Mumford and Sons, Iron and Wine and more-will be 10 percent off! Free Beatles posters for customers with beards themselves!, NEW VINYL DAY!!! We've got the latest from BEST COAST, as well as the great wax from Cults, Okkervil River, Kevin Devine, Rilo Kiley, Bruce Springsteen, Funkadelic and many many more!, Autumn Song of the Day, null, Autumn Song of the Day, After eleven years, Donna Tartt has a new book out, the critically acclaimed The Goldfinch, and we've got YOUR copy at Tres Gatos!, We say a fond farewell to Avery IPA, and welcome a delicious new IPA on draft: Backyahd IPA from Foolproof Brewing Company in Pawtucket. Well-balanced, not too aggressive on the hops, with a lovely yellow-gold color and a dry, slightly bitter finish. We look forward to bringing on more beers from this talented new brewing team in the near future., Tonight's sherry flight features three Lustau sherries with pairings: Manzanilla de Sanlucar with oyster, Amontillado de Jerez with sweetbread in orange glaze, and Oloroso de Jerez with gorgonzola dulce. This is a great way to experience the depth and breadth of sherry!, TONIGHT!, We are all so looking forward to Junot Diaz at the Footlight Club on Friday night and we're stocked up on all his novels here at Tres Gatos, including Negocios(Drown in Spanish) and the paperback This Is How You Lose Her. Junot is an author worth celebrating, and for those of you who can't be there for the JP Reads celebration, we recommend you pick up one of his books anyway. They are divine., Autumn Song of the Day, Tomorrow!, For better or worse, it's here. Just one copy, though. Lets not get crazy., Tres Gatos is proud to support JP's own Tuesday Night Recording Club!, There is no bond on Earth like a girl and her vinyl....., Autumn Song of the Day, Just in time for Halloween, Tres Gatos has THE CRAMPS on vinyl...., Today at 3pm!, NINA SIMONE 'LITTLE GIRL BLUE' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl. Our first twelve vinyl customers today will be receiving a vintage Beatles poster with their purchase. How can you beat that?, In 20 minutes, the Tres Gatos stage will be filled with the stylings of Joanna Teters and her rare mix of jazz, samba and blues over coffee, orange juice, a new Jhumpa Lahari book and the October sun in the sky. Good morning, JP and beyond!, This is the kind of day that makes a cat happy: jazz brunch with Joanna Teters at 11am. Sherry tasting with Peter Liem at 3:30. Lantern parade around the Pond at 6pm. Sox at 8pm. Get out of bed, Gatos!, Going for a record. Thats a pun., Don't forget to join us for Peter Liem's booksigning and Sherry reception tomorrow at 3 pm! Also, we still have a few slots left for the guided tasting at 330 pm, so please call the restaurant or email tresgatosfd@gmail.com to reserve your spot! May the Flor be with you!, A very good articile on a very important subject., Autumn Song of the Day, Vinyl fans, UNITE! We've got another stack of mysterious bootlegs from Europe, featuring rare and unreleased material from NIRVANA, The Smiths, The Clash, Talking Heads, The Replacements, Joy Division, The Cure and many more! These are(500 copies printed of each) and absolutely essential for any punk/new wave collector., M83's Saturdays = Youth is in stock on beautiful vinyl at Tres Gatos. A perfect album for these warm autumn days..., song of the day:, Tres Gatos is a proud sponsor of the Jamaica Pond Lantern Parade happening this Sat and Sun at 6pm. This is one of JP's iconic celebrations... thanks to Spontaneous for all of your great work! After the parade, we'd love to have you drop by and help light up our patio with your lantern., Thanks to Ellen Bhang of the Globe for spreading the word about the book signing/ guided sherry tasting with Peter Liem this Saturday at 3pm. He's a true authority on the subject and we're honored to host him. Whether you're new to sherry or already well-acquainted, this is a great opportunity to taste and learn., Records for everyone., HEEEEEEERE'S RECORDS!!! In one of the wildest New Record Days in recent memory, we've got 50+ new records in stock today, ranging from Nina Simone, Nick Cave, Robin Thicke, The Melvins Live at Third Man Studios, and Bikini Kill to all five Clash studio records, Charles Bukowski, Of Montreal, Woody Guthrie and many many more! They have to be seen to be believed! Record fiends---unite!, Tonight we are featuring three Rioja reservas. Come in and try three silky, well developed reds from Spain's famous Rioja region. We'll be pouring reservas from Izadi, Martinez Lacuesta and Bodegas Riojanas!, Wouldnt be Autumn without the ORIGINAL J.T., NORMAN MAILER: A DOUBLE LIFE BY J. MICHAEL LENNON is at Tres Gatos in hardcover!, Autumn Song of the Day, From our friends at Sub Pop comes the new THE HEAD AND THE HEART 'LET'S BE STILL' on vinyl and CD. Stop by and ask your friendly record seller to play it for you!, Tonight's sherry flight features three manzanillas with food pairings: Hidalgo La Gitana with boquerone/red pepper/olive, La Cigarrera with baby octopus, and Bodegas Argueso San Leon with steamed mussel. We hope you can join us for these delicious pairings., tonight tonight tonight~, Tonight, when Tres Gatos hosts Noel Coakley and friends, all used records are 10 percent off. This includes the amazing and random LORD SUTCH AND HEAVY FRIENDS, featuring Keith Moon, Ritchie Blackmore, Noel Redding and many many more., October Song of the Day, TOMORROW!, DR DOG 'B-ROOM' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD!, null, October Song of the Day, We are so excited to welcome Sherryfest co-founder Peter Liem this Saturday, Oct. 19, at 3 pm. Peter will be signing his new book, Sherry, Manzanilla & Montilla, and hosting a guided Sherry tasting paired with pintxos.  Booksigning is open to the public, but space is limited for the tasting. To reserve or for inquiries, please message us on facebook or contact our Wine Director, Keith Harmon, at tresgatosfd@gmail.com. Hooray for Sherry, come get Flor’d!, One record can change everything., Tres Gatos Book Club is Tomorrow!, ELIZABETH GILBERT 'THE SIGNATURE OF ALL THINGS' is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover!, Can you think of a more ideal wallpaper?, October Song of the Day, BILLIE HOLIDAY 'SONGS FOR DISTINGUE LOVERS' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, October Song of the Day, It's restaurant manager and sometimes bookseller Caitlin Amaral's birthday today. She keeps Tres Gatos running, and can clean a glass whilst checking the reservation book and cueing up a Patsy Cline record, all while answering questions about where our name comes from. If you see her, say happy birthday!, We couldn't agree more., GONE GIRL BY GILLIAN FLYNN is in PAPERBACK at Tres Gatos, and we've also got great reads in from Elizabeth Gilbert, Tom Perrotta, Hugh Johnson, Chimamanda Adiche and many many more!, follow the Gatos on Twitter!, SONG OF THE DAY, Come by and check out/pick up Thomas John Cadrin's new album at Tres Gatos and remember, hes playing here at 230pm on Sunday, November 17th!, NEW RECORD DAY!!! We've got great new wax in from SLEIGH BELLS, Dr. Dog, Au Revoir Simone and Bill Callahan as well as great titles from Patsy Cline, Pink Floyd, Bad Brains, Andrew Bird, Otis Redding, Wilco and many many more!, Our wine flight tonight features three delicious reds that are partly or all tempranillo: "Fiesta" Azul y Garanza, El Pedrosal, and Vina Tondonia by Lopez de Heredia. Each a distinct expression of this classic grape. Enjoy!, OCTOBER SONG OF THE DAY, Numbers Dont Lie, Kids...., PRIMAL SCREAM 'SCREAMADELICA' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos. Relive your glory days with this shoegaze clubland classic!, Another wonder from the treasure chest that IS the Tres Gatos basement......, song of the month, Our sherry flight tonight focuses on food pairings that bring out the best of these three sherries. We're pairing Grant fino with castelvetrano olives stuffed with boquerones, El Maestro Sierra amontillado with Nerina, a luscious goat's milk cheese from Italy, and Gonzalez Byass oloroso with prunes stuffed with Cashel blue cheese. Hope you can join us., Tres Gatos Grab Bags Are Here!!! Featuring a CD, a 45 RPM record, some candy and a mini-paratrooper! Hidden inside these grab bags, which sell for 5 dollars a peice, you'll find names like Patti Smith, Dire Straits, Elliot Smith, The Sea and Cake, The Ames Brothers, CSNY and many many more!!, It's Hat Night at Tres Gatos!!! Don't forget-if you come in tonight wearing your fanciest jazziest fedora, scally cap, fascinator or fez, you'll get 10 percent off everything in the record and bookstore!!! See ya there!, What they said......., tonight!!!!!, a little bit of The Fall in the fall....., We're really excited about one of our new draft beers: Sorachi Ace by Brooklyn Brewery. This is a classic saison with a unique lemongrass / lemon zest aroma that comes from the hops used (from a single farm in Washington). Dry, hoppy, unfiltered. We feel this is a must try beer., tomorrow!, JIMMY PAGE AND ROBERT PLANT ARE SHOPPING AT TRES GATOS RIGHT NOW(EXCEPT NOT REALLY), Go for the Gold(record)., You know its autumn when BRIGHT EYES 'I'M WIDE AWAKE IT'S MORNING' is practically jumping off the shelf. This is a classic that only gets better with age., October Song of the Day, DAVE EGGERS newest, THE CIRCLE, in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, We sure do hope they stop by our little corner of heaven!, Love Bon Iver? We've got your Bon Iver side projects covered here at Tres Gatos. We've got the SHOUTING MATCHES "Grown-Ass Man" album, as well as Volcano Choir "Repave", both on gorgeous vinyl at Tres Gatos!, October Song of the Day, Fuel up for a day of baseball, apple picking, etc with brunch at 3 Cats. We have jazz with Ethan K at 11am, plus two new brunch items: Tripe & EVOO Poached Eggs with fried potatoes and pasilla chile, and Butternut Squash Bread Pudding with brown butter ice cream. GO SOX!, WEIRD USED RECORDS ALERT!! We've raided our basement for some truly great wax from DR JOHN, Little Steven, Dion, Eric Dolphy, Ronnie Laws, Dexy's Midnight Runners, Robin Lane and the Chartbusters, The Dramatics and dozens more. Come and check them out!, October Song of the Day, null, THE BAND 'ACADEMY OF MUSIC' is a fantastic 2 CD set from the Rock of Ages concerts, featuring the Band in all their glory and some guest appearences from Bob Dylan!, AMERICANAH by CHIMAMANDA NGOZI ADICHIE is at Tres Gatos in hardcover!, October Song of the Day, Tres Gatos sends a big RIP to Tom Clancy, one of the giants of the book world and a legend in his own time., SAM COOKE 'TWISTIN' THE NIGHT AWAY' leads the pack on this amazing NEW RECORD DAY!!!! We've also got the latest in from THE ARCTIC MONKEYS, as well as great wax from Etta James, Al Green, Bright Eyes, Volcano Choir and many many many more!, Our wine flight for this summery October day features three refreshing whites that are mostly or 100% Viura: Vevi, Vetiver Blanco, and Lopez de Heredia's Vina Gravonia. These wines will transport you right back to summer. Enjoy!, In honor of the upcoming Columbus Day holiday, we celebrate the OTHER greatest Italian ever, Little Steven., Our sherry flight tonight features a fino paired with roasted tomato and crab, a manzanilla paired with wild boar, and an amontillado paired with an aged goat cheese from the UK. A perfect way to bid farewell to summer., We admittedly don't have a song theme for this month yet....but this is a very cool song. And it's got ghosts in it., September Song of the Day, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS!! Featuring the newest from JHUMPA LAHARI, DAVE EGGERS, JULIAN BARNES, JONATHAN LETHEM AND THOMAS PYNCHON and classic titles from Jonathan Franzen, Jeffrey Eugenides and many many more!, A little bit about Catherine Bent, who will be peforming with Trio Choro Brasil tonight!, Check out the bewitching jazz of Trio Choro Brasil tonight at 9pm and you'll feel yourself transported to Brasil (via Spain). There is no cover, and there's plenty of room on the beach!, Ron MacLean is also DJing his book event, and if you dig the tunes he's playing, including Neko Case, Creedence Clearwater Revival, The New Pornographers, Camera Obscura, The Black Keys and more, it is all available in the book and record shop! Go DJ Ron!, song of the day, In an hour, we celebrate a local legend, Mr. Ron MacLean!, Tomorrow!, SMASHING PUMPKINS 'SIAMESE DREAM' is one of the great records we have in stock on USED VINYL. We've also got great wax from The Walkmen, NWA, Hank Williams, Tom Petty, Coldplay and more!, What was the best book you read this summer?, September Song of the Day, From our good friends at Merge Records, we've got some great titles, including SAINT RICH 'BEYOND THE DRONE' as well as classics from Polvo, Arcade Fire, The Magnetic Fields and more!, Tomorrow, tomorrow, find Marcos, tomorrow..., USED RECORDS AT 3 CATS!!! We've got great wax from BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN, Hank Williams, The Grateful Dead, Aerosmith, The Faces, Orson Welles and many many more!!, September Song of the Day, MAZZY STAR leads the pack on new record day! We've also got some great new wax from ELVIS COSTELLO AND THE ROOTS, and DEER TICK, as well as classic albums from Primal Scream, Notorious BIG, Joanna Newsom, Death Cab for Cutie, Wilco, Sleigh Bells, Smashing Pumpkins and many many more!!!, September Song of the Day, We hope to see you all out at the Tres Gatos Book Club, featuring a favorite of ours for this year, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk., Thanks to Zagat Boston for including Tres Gatos in their latest edition., null, For our wine flight tonight, we're breaking open some wines from one of our favorite producers: Anima Negra from the island of Mallorca. We're tasting Quibia, a crisp, minerally white, and two slightly smoky reds, AN/2 and AN. These are truly special Spanish wines; we hope you can join us., null, September Song of the Day, Great news for the little guy...., Here's a great chance to expand your tapas repertoire with our very own chef Marcos Sanchez. For this event, Marcos will be focusing on seafood, paired with some great Spanish sherry and wine., We're pretty excited about our new dessert, and hope you'll give it a try: Fall Rhubarb and Raspberry Crisp, with lemon ice cream and candied marjoram., Come out and see our intrepid Chef this Saturday....., September Song of the Day, Today, Colin Campbell squares off against the little neighborhood that could. Watch him duck and weave. Watch him pound a pint. Listen as he tells stories for the force, the writers desk, and beyond! We cannot wait to host Colin, and cannot wait to see you., Our Aussie neighbors know where it's at...., tomorrow night!, Tonight is Live Music Night at Tres Gatos and as such, all USED RECORDS are 10 percent off, including an awful lot of records by the KING., Happy Birthday, Bruce. Or, Happy Bruceday, Birth., Tonight at 9pm, Blonde on Blue storms the Gatos stage. Come out for drinks, fun, jangle your jewelry and sing along with this fantastic act. 9-11pm, no cover., September Song of the Day, Its the first day of fall, and we're gonna have a sale! If you buy one new record, you get 30 percent off a used record of your choice, including but not including JOHN COLTRANE 'BLUE TRAIN'. And guess what? Same goes for books! Now til the end of the night!, We live, eat and breath vinyl...but as of yet we don't sleep on it., September Song of the Day, A collection of Tres Gatos instagram photos....can you find yours on here?, This is funny, ridiculous and hopefully true(especially given that the person thats posting this is a massive Springsteen fan)....

personal fave:

Fleetwood Mac: You’re reasonably well adjusted. Considering., We are obsessed with this record. One of the very best of the year. We highly recommend it., September Song of the Day, If you havent heard this album, do it right now. RIGHT NOW. Its haunting and beautiful and lonely and sparse and utterly lovely., for the Connoisseur....., CHUCK BERRY'S GOLDEN DECADE is one of our favorite used albums in stock right now. It features 24 Berry songs from between 1955 to 1964 and is an essential party record., null, September Song of the Day, NEW RECORD DAY! Including the newest album from MGMT and continuing to great wax from Volcano Choir, Zola Jesus, Okkervil River, The Pixies, Sebadoh, The Zombies and many more!, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! Including great reads from JOAN WICKERSHAM, Peter Murphy, Chimamanda Adichie, Linda Ronstadt, Sylvie Simmons, Percival Everett and many many more!, Hi. I'm Phil. I run the record and bookshop here, and do alot of the posting on the facebook. Today is my birthday. I wanted to use this opportunity to thank everybody for supporting Tres Gatos, and in particular our record and bookshop. These are odd times for retail, but the collection of regulars, neighborhood heroes and enthusiastic first time customers I get to hang out with on a daily basis makes it all worth it. You guys are the best. Heres your song of the day., TELEGRAPH AVENUE BY MICHAEL CHABON is at Tres Gatos in beautiful splendid paperback!!!, THE ROLLING STONES 'FLOWERS' is one of the amazing records we dug out of the basement!, September Song of the Day, TRES GATOS BASEMENT BONANZA! We've been digging and cleaning in our basement all day and we've found some treasures, starting with gorgeous first editions from TRUMAN CAPOTE, John Steinbeck, Martin Amis, Ian McEwan, Graham Greene and many many more!, September Song of the Day, Just one more reason to visit NYC. Rough Trade are legends and we cannot wait to visit!, MARGARET ATWOOD 'MADDADDAM' is in stock at Tres Gatos!!!!, USED RECORD BONANZA AT TRES GATOS! Tonight, for the Woodrow Wilsons Show, all used vinyl is 10 percent off, including new additions like COLDPLAY, John Coltrane, Neil Young, Chuck Berry, The Grateful Dead, Van Morrison and many more. Stop in and give them a spin!, Marc Bolan's Birthday......., tonight!, From the greatest Gato, Caitlin Amaral, comes the song of the day....., 45 Records Aren't Gone!! Why, we got some in this past week from new ragtime bluegrass wonderkid Pokey LaFarge! This is beautiful writing, though., Set phasers for stunned. Pre-order at Tres Gatos now. THE JAMAICA PLAIN EP!, in just moments..., song of the day, The first leaks of the RECORD STORE DAY BLACK FRIDAY LIST! We are super excited for the Replacements All Shook Down on vinyl for the first time in the US!, Just in time for Autumn, its the king of the carnival, Tom Waits, and his masterpeice SWORDFISHTROMBONES on vinyl at Tres Gatos., THE WOLF OF WALL STREET BY JORDAN BELFORT is at Tres Gatos in paperback. This is soon to be the next Martin Scorsese/Leo DiCaprio project, and as always, we say read the book first., September Song of the Day, null, The Tres Gatos Book Club is Sunday, and don't forget: The author of Jamaica Plain, Colin Campbell, will be AT Tres Gatos on Tuesday September 24th to hang out, DJ, have a pint and meet the neighborhood., What Autumn releases are you looking forward to the most? And how can Tres Gatos help you get them? Arcade Fire? MGMT? MIA? Tell us how the fall is looking to YOU., September Song of the Day, Voyager 1 left the Solar System today, carrying the ultimate Gold Record in its payload., This is the Crosley Companion. Its a radio. Its an exact replica of the radio in most American homes during the 1930s when the family would gather to listen to FDR's Fireside Chats and the Hit Parade. It came in today, along with some of our favorite turntables, including the Collegiate, the Advanced, The Tech and more! They are beauties!, NINE INCHES, the newest from TOM PERROTTA, in all its glory., September Song of the Day, Kids are doing it at USF! Why not you?, NEW RECORD DAY PART 3!! We've got the VIOLENT FEMMES, Kelly Hogan, Stax Number 1's, Frightened Rabbit, Blind Lemon Jefferson, Tame Impala and many many more including....shhhhh....the new ARCADE FIRE single on VINYL, titled Reflektor..., The new Arcade Fire album is coming on October 29th. Pre-order your copy at Tres Gatos now!, September 11th Song of the Day, september song of the day, NEW RECORD DAY PART 2 at Tres Gatos leads off with LISTEN WHITEY!: THE SOUNDS OF BLACK POWER 1967-74, and also includes great wax from Herbie Hancock, Moondog, Goat, Bill Withers, Bob Dylan, Richard Thompson, the 13th Floor Elevators, Sam and Dave, the Flying Burrito Brothers and many more!, NEW BOOK DAY is led by THIS IS HOW YOU LOSE HER by Junot Diaz in stock in PAPERBACK, as well as great reads from Mark Leibovich, Mary Roach, Kurt Vonnegut and more!, Did we mention we have GROOVE GREASE by JIMMY MCGRIFF?, NEW RECORDS NEW RECORDS!!! We've got a bit of everything today. Talking Heads, Daft Punk, Miles Davis, Jedi Mind Tricks, The Birthday Party, Weezer,Nirvana, Harry Nilsson, The White Stripes, McCoy Tyner, Neil Young and about 50 more! Stop in and check them out., Happy Birthday Otis Redding!! To celebrate, all of the Otis vinyls and CDs we have in stock will be sold with a 10 percent discount tonight!, Local jazz legend and salesman of the year Dennison Blackett blows his mighty horn at Tres Gatos at 9pm. We hope to see you there!, Song of the Day via the Greatest Gato, Caitlin Amaral., Vinyl Perseveres..., Loved a band you saw yesterday and didnt get a chance to hit up our merch table? We've got a lot of great local music on sale at Tres Gatos, including Coyote Kolb, Tallahassee, The Michael Epstien Memorial Library and many many more! Come out and support local bands!, Song of the Day (we are OBSESSED with the new Neko Case album), 
We had so much fun selling CDs and vinyl at the JP Music Festival today. The bands who played today don't get paid for their efforts, except through merch sales, so those of you who bought stuff at the Gato booth were really doing a great think. We met some amazing people, saw the greatest bands in town, ate tacos, danced alot, hoola hooped, and felt truly fortunate to live in this neighborhood. Random acts of goodness abound. Pete from Ideal Cafe brought a stack of pizza in the middle of the thing. Jamaica Pond was left in pristine condition, considering the level of pure rocking going on. We were thrilled. We love JP. Thank you. Tres Gatos, stage sponsor, 2013 JP Music Fest., http://youtu.be/qxuMQBZyT-s, Come out to Jamaica pond between noon and seven today and enjoy the third annual JP music fest with us!! Come in for brunch and enjoy live jazz from eleven to two and a free order of patatas bravas for parties of four or more! Meet our newest bookseller and shop for great new and used records and books! What a day!, How do you fuel up for SEVEN HOURS of great live music at the JP Music Festival tomorrow? How 'bout a hearty Tres Gatos brunch, washed down with a Portico Fuzzy White Squirrel? Come to brunch with a party of 4 or more tomorrow and we'll treat you to a free plate of patatas bravas!, NEW RECORD DAY!!! We've got the new NEKO CASE, The Worse Things Get, The Harder I Fight, The Harder I Fight , The More I Love You.....plus new records from Okkervil River, NIN, North Mississippi All Stars and classics from The Smiths, The Cure, Ornette Coleman, The Decemberists and many more!, A very funny, very touching article on Okkervil River, whose new CD and vinyl is at Tres Gatos today., TOM JONES COVERING 80'S DYLAN. A record store clerks dream. September Song of the Day., PAINTED HANDS BY JENNIFER ZOBAIR leads the pack on this new book day, also including books by David Sedaris (Lets Explore Diabetes with Owls!), Marie Semple (Where'd You Go, Bernadette?), George Higgins, Jess Walter and many many more!, All Together Now., One of the hidden treasures we found in our chaotic basement. Other great CD titles include: Roy Orbison, Jimmie Rodgers, early accapella and acid jazz mixes, and Dusty Springfield!!! Stop in and check them out!, song of the day, via our spirit animal guide, Dan Crocker., If you like great beer and want to support the JP Music Festival, buy a Portico White Fuzzy Squirrel (on draft) at Tres Gatos and we'll donate $2 from every pint to the Music Festival. Thanks for supporting your local breweries and musicians!, TIME OUT by DAVE BRUBECK is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, Vinyl Forever., September Song of the Day, Tonight's wine flight features three Mencias, which are perfect for late summer sipping. These three reds come from northwestern Spain, are full-flavored, with complex red and dark fruit and herbal notes. We hope you can join us., null, MERGE RECORDS has some great new releases out today, in stock on CD and vinyl at Tres Gatos, including KING KHAN AND THE SHRINES and RICHARD BUCKNER. The first customers tonight get a FREE FALL SAMPLER from Merge, featuring all their big releases, as well as a poster for King Khan/Richard Buckner. Stop in pre-order Neko Case, Okkervil River and Nine Inch Nails, all arriving at Tres Gatos on Friday...., Where will you be this Saturday, Sept 7, from noon to 7pm? Chances are, if you're a music fan, you'll be joining members of Tres Gatos (proud to be a stage sponsor) and thousands of others at the 3rd annual JP Music Festival, happening right up the street from us at Pinebank Field (near the Pond). Featured musicians include Merrie Amsterburg, Tallahassee, Lars Vegas, Rick Berlin and the Nickel and Dime Band, Coyote Kolb, Afro D All Stars, and many others. This is THE big music event in JP every year. We hope you can make it!, THIS looks interesting....., null, THE BURGESS BOYS by ELIZABETH STROUT is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover!, September Song of the Day, The dog days of summer are over, and Fall is upon us. We look forward to spending this autumn with you, spinning all the hits and drinking ALL the wine. Tres Gatos loves you all., IT'S COMING!!!!, Welcome students!! Tres Gatos is closed today, but we will be back tomorrow to help you with all of your vinyl/CD/cassette tape/book/turntable/tapas/wine(you're probably not oldenough for wine so let's say....soda? coffee?) needs. This is a great city, and we look forward to having you. If you know somebody who just moved into town, send them this link., Song of the Day (via David Peterson, and thank you muchly!), We've got the Goodbye Horses club single at Trres Gatos on vinyl at Tres Gatos, with a 2013 remix on the B side, for anybody interested in having the most morbid dance party of all time(for those not in the know, this song was made famous in Silence of the Lambs), New month, new theme....September is Ask a Stupid Question Mont. Its also our book and record store manager's birthday month(he's the one typing right now). So, we're going to be doing question songs, and also songs that our man in the shop simply adores. As always, we accept requests on the first one, and we guess on the second too. Away we go into September...., PACK UP THE PLANTATION!: TOM PETTY AND THE HEARTBREAKERS LIVE is at Tres Gatos as a used record and we absolutely love it!, A bit of epic JP history...., Our idea of heaven, and maybe yours too...., The Punch Brothers AHOY!, Don't Fall In Love With Everyone You See by Okkervil River, Charles Bradley VICTIM OF LOVE, August Song of the Day, August Song of the Day, The Cats are taking a siesta on Labor Day (meaning we will be closed), though we will be open this weekend for both brunch and dinner service. We wish everyone a restful and happy Labor Day weekend. The TG team., Too close for comfort., AUGUST SONG OF THE DAY, NEW BOOK DAY AT TRES GATOS!! We've got great reads in stock from MATT TAIBBI, George Saunders, Ian McEwan, Elizabeth Strout, Christopher Buckley and many many more!, We don't have this....YET., NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! Led by BOB DYLAN: ANOTHER SELF PORTRAIT on both vinyl and CD, we've got great wax in from Surfer Blood, Childish Gambino, Rodriguez, Chet Baker, Charles Bradley, and dozens more!, Vinyl Is Everywhere., Fifty years ago today....., August Song of the Day, Don't be nervous....try a vinyl record!, The Yo La Tengo Shower Curtain Single is here!!!, BELLE AND SEBASTIAN 'THIRD EYE CENTRE' is out on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos today!, August Song of the Day, For live music tonight, all used vinyl is 10 percent off, including great cuts by THE DEL FUEGOS, Erykah Badu, McCoy Tyner, Kate Bush, Stan Kenton and about 10,000 others..., August Song of the Day, Tonight, one of JP's musical pioneers, Noel Coakley, takes center stage at Tres Gatos. Noel is a classic troubadour, a storyteller, an entertainer, and a rustic folk hero of Jamaica Plain, and we're so excited to see what webs he weaves tonights. 9pm, no cover., There goes the neighborhood.....again., Reading is cool. Bob Dylan is cool. Steve Martin is cool. And we have books, Bob Dylan albums and Steve Martin's aura at Tres Gatos. So, by this logic, Tres Gatos is cool. You follow Tres Gatos. You're cool., ROY ORBISON 'LONELY AND BLUE' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD. It's our favorite of Roy's studio albums, and the cover features a rare glimpse of the OTHER man in black without his signature shades., august song of the day, Noel Coakley plays...no, storms...no, thunders across....Tres Gatos at 9pm on Monday. No cover. Just thunder., August Song of the Day, Happy Birthday to King Krule, who not only turns 19 today but is also debuting his first album, '6 Feet Beneath the Moon.' Tres Gatos has it in stock on both vinyl and specially gift-wrapped cassette. We are open 10AM to 11PM today, so come check it out, and see you all soon!, Mira Stella admires our new 45 RPM of the Day plaque, currently at the bar of Tres Gatos surrounded by happy patrons who are LOVING Friday night. Vote for what 45 you want hanging at Tres Gatos nightly! Our current pick: Hank Williams Moaning the Blues/Lovesick Blues..., null, Endlessly entertaining...., Our record store manager says "my three favorite albums of the year are back in stock at Tres Gatos in CD and LP format. They are, from 1 to 3, The National 'Trouble Will Find Me', Yo La Tengo 'Fade' and Kurt Vile 'Waking On a Pretty Day' and they simply cannot be beat"...., All book and record store customers tonight receive a MERGE FALL 2013 SAMPLER CD, featuring some great tunes from some of the best acts in the business, including Divine Fits, Future Bible Heroes, Shout Out Louds, Mikal Cronin, Superchunk and more!, august song of the day, I CAN BARELY TAKE OF MYSELF BY JEN KIRKMAN is at Tres Gatos and we think its one of the funniest books of the year!, WAXing philosophical!, NINA SIMONE SILK AND SOUL is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, song of the day, Thanks to Scott Kearnan for the great write up on Zagat Buzz!!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS!! We've got the newest from VAN DYKE PARKS, Wild Nothing, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes and more, as well as classics by The Who, Sonny Rollins, Nina Simone, Violent Femmes, Radiohead and many many many more!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! We've got some fanatstic reads in stock, including LOVE DISHONOR MARRY DIE CHERISH PERISH BY DAVID RAKOFF, as well as I CAN BARELY TAKE CARE OF MYSELF BY JEN KIRKMAN, MOTE BETA BLUES BY QUESTLOVE THOMPSON, and classics from Ray Bradbury, Junot Diaz, Guillermo Del Toro, and many more!, from the bookstore desk...Tonight is a sad night, as one of our very favorite novelists, Elmore Leonard, has died. Mr. Leonard redefined the modern thriller, and his mix of intricate plots and crackling dialogue has become the standard for modern crime fiction. He will be missed. We encourage you to pick up an Elmore Leonard novel. You will not be disappointed., Tres Gatos now has cassette tapes for sale! We've got hundreds of great cassettes at 50 cents each, or a free cassette with the purchase of any new LP. Titles range from THE SMITHS to Nina Simone to Pet Shop Boys to Warren Zevon and EVERYTHING in between...., 'TURN AROUND BRIGHT EYES' BY ROB SHEFFEILD is out in hardcover at Tres Gatos! This book looks absolutely fantastic., AUGUST SONG OF THE DAY, We have two hot new releases in from MERGE RECORDS on vinyl and CD today: the newest from SUPERCHUNK, titled I HATE MUSIC-we also have some great posters and buttons to give away for that one-and the re-issue of the first album by Telekinesis, finally on vinyl. Stop in and check out these great titles!, Our sherry flight tonight features Grant fino, Lustau amontillado and Gonzalez Byass oloroso, each paired with a distinctive cheese. Sherry and cheese are a classic pairing; some sherries can be paired with lighter, floral cheeses, while others can stand up to bigger, stronger cheeses. We hope you enjoy these pairings., NEW ORDER IN FROM SUB POP RECORDS!!!! We've got some hot new releases, including NO AGE 'AN OBJECT' as well as the new Washed Out and His Electro Blue Voice, and classic Sub Pop titles from Fleet Foxes, The Postal Service, Beach House, Dum Dum Girls and more. Don't forget---Tres Gatos is open til 11pm tonight, for your late night record spinnin' pleasure., For live music tonight, its 10 percent off all used vinyls at Tres Gatos, where we have everything in stock from JOE COCKER to McCoy Tyner, Blind Faith to Gene Vincent, Jacques Brel to Paul McCartney.....stop by and see us!, God,I am obsessed with the new Washed Out record. Its a chill-wave late summer bedroom symphony. It should come with wind chimes and a slim cigarette. It's gorgeous. It's a must.

-the book and record department., Local jazz legend Phil Scarff plays Tres Gatos with a boppin' trio tonight at 9pm. We hope to see you there!, Its 10 percent off used records at Tres Gatos today, up to and including BLONDIE AUTOAMERICAN., august song of the day, We tip our hat to the greats. If you folks have any other great shops to give a shout out to, let us know! When we're abroad or on the go, we need a port in the storm, a great record store. "Speaking from experiance, I can say that the Electric Fetus in Minnesota is one of the coolest stores I've ever been to", says Phil, our record shop man., LIPSTICK KILLERS by the NEW YORK DOLLS is a recording of the earliest studio recordings of the original band, all the way back in 1972, and we've got in vinyl for your punk/glam/boho listening pleasure!, A page of Charlie Brown comics set to Smiths lyrics. You're welcome., We've had songs about lions and songs about tigers...why not bears? This is a store favorite. Written by Randy Newman, it has been covered by Harry Nilsson, Okkervil River, The Mamas and the Papas, and according to youtube, even Morrissey. But here it is performed by the masters., September 7th is sneaking up on us, and we cannot wait for a Tres Gatos Stage this year...., If we can't convince you vinyl is cool, maybe Keira Knightley can...., Good friends of the store ALOUD, who played an amazing Sunday afternoon show here a few weeks back, NEED YOUR HELP! Please help this fantastic local act reach their goal!, It's nearly summer's end, but there is still time enough to obtain the Greatest Summer Album of All Time, Pet Sounds by the Beach Boys, on vinyl at Tres Gatos. Our racks are full of great wax, new and used, and we'd love to play a song for you., August Song of the Day, Oh, we've GOT to get this...., NEW RECORD DAY AY TRES GATOS!!! WASHED OUT 'PARACOSM' leads the way, along with great new albums from THE CIVIL WARS and SMITH WESTERNS and classics from New York Dolls, The Beach Boys, Rodriguez, Wayne Shorter, J Dilla, Morphine and more!!, Today in 1965, The Beatles played at Shea Stadium in front of 60,000 people., August Song of the Day, Check out the brand new and very dapper Tres Gatos Books and Records sandwhich board!, NEW BOOK DAY hits 3Cats with some great reads in stock, including the newest from JEANETTE WALLS,  SILVER STAR, as well as great reads from Emma Straub, Haruki Murakami, Marisha Pessl, Nick Walker and many many more, as well as some choice USED VINYL from Michael Jackson, Sly Stone, Tina Turner, Joe Cocker and more...., ...and heres another, Our record and bookstore manager is back from his vacation, and so too our SONGS OF THE DAY. We owe you a couple. Here's one now...., RAMONES MANIA is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and is essential summer listening. Its 30 Ramones tracks on two LPs and we're loving it, in particular the cover of the 1910 Fruitgum Company classic "Indian Giver"., Come out and tap your toe to some great rock and roll today at 3pm!, Remember! Its still Tax Free Weekend, meaning that its the perfect time to get that vinyl, that hardcover book, that turntable, that box set, or that 45 single you've had your eye on....., AUGUST SONG OF THE DAY, what do you think the Addams Family listens to?, DJ MAGIC JOHNSON. 'Nuff said., null, Its tax free weekend! So, if theres a box set, a high priced vinyl or a hardcover book you've got your eye on, this is the time to go for it. We will be here raiding the store for ourselves; come get while the getting good!, Its 10 percent off all used vinyl at Tres Gatos this morning, including THE ROLLING STONES MADE IN THE SHADE, one of the very first vinyls our book and record store manager every owned and a personal fave!, AUGUST SONG OF THE DAY, Take a page out of Marilyn Monroe's book and relax with a good record tonight!!, Are Beethoven's Symphonies worth $5? Starting this weekend, we have LOTS of classical LP box sets on sale for $5. Most are in pristine condition. Also, this weekend, you'll find FREE paints & stains, free bookshelves, and other freebies on the sidewalk outside Tres Gatos. Happy August!, Such a cool record. We're pumped to have it and we want it to find a good home. THE SHIRELLES AND KING CURTIS 'GIVE A TWIST PARTY' is at Tres Gatos!, August Song of the Day, Something has happened to our Chef!!!, SCORE!, We can't argue with that....can you?, NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS!! GOGOL BORDELLO 'PURA VIDA CONSPIRACY' leads the way in a haul that also includes wax from King Curtis and the Shirelles, Tame Impala, Dr Dog, Fuck Buttons, Har Mar Superstar and many many more!, We are pumped for Sunday's Morris and the East Coast show. These guys are one of the coolest bands in JP and we hope you all come out to dance, drink, buy records, make new friends and meet the love of your life., AUGUST SONG OF THE DAY, We will meet you there., Thanks to Naomi Kooker and Zagat for featuring our Corn Ice Cream and pound cake dessert. Viva Agosto!, USED VINYL HITS TRES GATOS!!!! We've got great wax in stock from BOB DYLAN, The Rolling Stones, The Animals, Blind Faith, CSNY and many many more!!!, null, GIVE UP THE GHOST 'WE'RE DOWN TIL WE'RE UNDERGROUND' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl..., Back by popular demand, its the CROSLEY KEEPSAKE!!! This turntable is classic and classy, and has a USB to rip your vinyls onto your computer and make them into MP3s. We are obsessed., August Song of the Day (we had to), J TILLMAN (also known as Father John Misty) YEAR IN THE KINGDOM is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!! We've got DIFFICULT MEN by BRETT MARTIN, as well as great reads from Patrick DeWitt, Chuck Klosterman, Andres Debus III, Joe Hill, Margaret Atwood and many many more! Stop in and find a perfect beach read!, August Song of the Day, THE WHIPPED CREAM LADY!!!, ALEX TURNER 'SUBMARINE' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos. Pitchfork says of the Arctic Monkeys frontman's solo soundtrack work, "Turner's keen wit and eye for detail coalesces into a tender portrayal of that resolute adolescent uncertainty, of figuring things out as they go...", We want Dr. House's turntable. Then again, we want Dr. House's life...., August Song of the Day, Tonight at 9pm, we've got live music with RIDING SHOTGUN. This is a must-see show, everybody. And it's HAT NIGHT, so if you wear a fun fedora or scally cap, you get 10 percet off in the book and record shop. We cannot wait to see you there., Thriller Picture Disc Vinyl....can you say summer?, August Song of the Day, It's sound advice....thats a pun., NINA SIMONE SINGS ELLINGTON is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, August Song of the Day, HEY GIRL HEY: A POLYVINYL SAMPLER is at Tres Gatos on vinyl right now for 5 bucks. 5 BUCKS. It features Japandroids, Starfucker, Deerhoof, Of Montreal and more, and we think its a pretty essential peice of summer wax., The weekend is upon us. Pick up your key beach read at Tres Gatos and then head into the surf!, August Song of the Day, null, At Tres Gatos on Vinyl, and a Thing of Beauty., Ever wonder what Donald Glover, Fred Armisen, Tim and Eric, Lena Dunham, Neil Gaimen and thousands more buy when they visit LA's coolest record shop, Amoeba Records? We're addicted to Whats In My Bag section of Amoeba's website, where we can gaze inside the shopping carts of some of our favorite comedians, actors and musicians and see if they are more cool than us-or vice versa!!!, Tres Gatos loves First Thursday!! This month we will be featuring the art work of Fabian Aguilar. His show is titled "Mortality with Morty", and it is a compilation of acrylic paintings that showcase his love for traditional Mexican Folk Art. This will be Fabian's last solo show before he leaves to finish his art education at Yale so we hope to see you out in force, supported this unique artistic voice!, August is a new month. That means a new song of the day theme. This proved to be harder than we'd thought, since August is, among other things, Happiness Happens Month, American Adventures Month and Children's Vision and Learning Month. In the end, we decided that, since most of August lies in the sign of Leo, we'd do songs about lions...and maybe some tigers and bears for good measure. As always, send in suggestions and requests!
August Song of the Day, Away we go!!!, Tonight's wine flight features three whites which are largely or entirely made from Viura (also known as Macabeo), a thin and light-skinned grape. These are young, fresh wines, perfect for a hot summer day: 2012 Vina Puebla, 2011 Bodegas Vevi, and 2011 Izadi., NEW VINYL DAY storms Tres Gatos, with new wax in stock from JACQUES BREL, Weezer, Alt-J, Nina Simone, Johnny Thunders and many many more!! Stop by and check them out!, LIFE AFTER LIFE BY KATE ATKINSON leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY, which also includes great titles from Geraldine Brooks, Jeanette Winterson, Arnaldur Indridason, Roberto Bolano and many more!!!, Turntables return to Tres Gatos from our friends at Crosley, including the USB ENTERTAINMENT CENTER, which has the ability to convert vinyl AND cassette tapes into MP3 files. We also have favorite titles like the COLLEGIATE, the TECH, the KEEPSAKE, and more. Stop by and check them out!, Sound advice...., July Song of the Day, Tres Gatos has Dance Music from A Long Time Ago and Far Far Away...., December 3-4, 1969. Keith and Mick stood at the same microphone at Muscle Shoals, lights dimmed, splitting a fifth of bourbon, and simultaneously sang the melodies and harmonies on the three songs that they had recorded over three days: “Brown Sugar,” “You Got to Move,” and “Wild Horses.” That’s your rock ‘n’ roll fantasy right there, pal. A six-piece band working in a tiny converted coffin factory across from an Alabama graveyard, on an eight-track recorder, with no computer editing or Autotune, recorded three songs, representing 30 percent of one of the greatest rock ‘n’ roll records of all time.---from ROCKS OFF by BILL JANOVITZ, out in hardcover at Tres Gatos now!!, July Song of the Day, Words of wisdom...., In honor of Erin Harpe's show at Tres Gatos tonight, all used vinyl is 10 percent off in the record shop, including the great 'lost' album from Neil Young, TIME FADES AWAY., July Song of Day, TONIGHT!, Back on vinyl at 3Cats by popular demand...., Even Nick Cage Loves Vinyl!!!, ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK BY PIPER KERMAN is at Tres Gatos in paperback!!!, July Song of the Day, We are loving the new Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros album, which is out on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos...., Take Tres Gatos to the beach with you!! Come in and find the perfect beach read!, Erin Harpe and the Delta Swingers storm Tres Gatos on Monday at 9pm! We hope to see you all there!, July Song of the Day, Sasha Kern comes to Tres Gatos to get your blood boilin' in the morning with his great jazz guitar! Come and see Sasha at 11am tommorow and enjoy some brunch with sweet tunes and Meow-mosas., Tres Gatos is proud to be a stage sponsor at the JP Music Fest, coming up on September 7th. The lineup has been released!, The Gatos send out a goodbye and good luck to one of our favorite cool cats, JoAnna Carpentier, who is headed down South for fine beachside living and can be seen in the very front row of this pic of the Gatos in their element., HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICK!!!, All used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight, including THE DOORS. We're getting you ready for a long hot summer weekend with sales on great rock, pop, jazz, soul, world music and more, all served up with winning charm by our book and record store manager. Shop, Spin and Be Merry!, July Song of the Day, null, We can't remember the last time our USED VINYL section was so well stocked, including great wax from MARVIN GAYE, Bob Marley, The Doors, Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Cliff, Sam Cooke and many many more!, ANDY AND HIS GRANDMOTHER, the first record released by ANDY KAUFMAN, is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! We've got Cuckoo's Calling by.....well, lets just say it, its JK Rowling, as well as great reads from Patricia Wood, Shan Sa, David Mitchell, Chad Harbach, Eleanor Henderson and many many more!!!, July Song of the Day, Thanks to Zagat and Naomi Kooker for including our house-made shrimp sausage atop grilled corn cake in this short list of grilled dishes., We've got the new Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros on vinyl and CD, as its NEW RECORD DAY, but there are other records, slightly weirded ones, we want to tell you about....records by people like Andy Kaufman, Fugazi, Deadmau5, Foxygen, Parquet Courts, Rodriguez and many many more. Stop in and give a listen., July Song of the Day, From the beautiful island of Mallorca comes some great wines, and our flight tonight features three of them: Quibia, a thirst-quenching white, and AN and AN/2, which are light-bodied, complex and smoky reds. Mallorca's a long way off, but Tres Gatos isn't. Hope to see you tonight., Tres Gatos has the perfect record for you. Come out tonight and celebrate a little store that could, and a little label that could, Merge Records., Whats your favorite Merge Records track?, Merge night is upon us. Stop in to Tres Gatos to check out Merge's big four brand new releases, pick up classic Merge stuff, buy a ticket for the Merge/JP Music Fest raffle, get freebies galore(including tote bags, t shirts and slipmats), and request your favorite Merge titles to sing and dance along to with a delicious beer in your hand. See you there!, Sanlúcar de Barrameda is the site of famous annual beach horse races in Spain; it's also the only place where Manzanilla, a type of fino sherry, comes from. The flor imparts an intriguing briny, slightly herbal note to this crisp, refreshing wine, which is ideal with seafood and other light tapas. Enjoy!, Rocking Horse Rodeo, live in 15 minutes at Tres Gatos!, The soundtrack to 20 FEET FROM STARDOM is at Tres Gatos on CD!!!, July Song of the Day, Kickstart your week with live music at Tres Gatos tonight. Alt-country band Rocking Horse Rodeo plays from 9 to 11pm, no cover. Dinner menu served from 5:30 to 10pm., Thank you to Centre Street Cafe for the delicious 5-course meal last night, featuring locally sourced food prepared by the inimitable Felicia Sanchez. And wonderful wine pairings provided by City Feed. Great food and drink, great conversation, altogether memorable., As JP begins to (slightly) cool off, we think its high time for a glass of red wine and a great record to sing, dance, or bump along to.....join us?, Remember, this afternoon-and especially during Jen and Henry's show-all used vinyl at Tres Gatos is 10 percent off, including NEIL YOUNG and about 5000 other titles. Stop by and spin some wax., Remember to come by at 3PM today for a special acoustic set by Jen and Henry from Aloud, and it's 10 percent off all used vinyl during the show. Can't wait to see you all there!, Tommorow at 3pm, Jen and Henry from the band Aloud grace Tres Gatos with an acoustic performance. We cannot wait. And because Jen and Henry are vinyl buffs, all used records will be 10 percent off during the show!, Ocean of Noise....., Tres Gatos has your used vinyl needs covered, with great wax in stock from LED ZEPPELIN, The Beatles, Eric Clapton, Bruce Springsteen, Neil Young, CSNY, Stevie Wonder and more!!!, July Song of the Day, Time for some new records...., Our record and bookstore manager is completely geeking out over the fact that we actually have a copy of STERLING'S GOLD by ROGER STERLING in stock at the store...., This is the Merge Score! Box....it includes a Merge covers record, a remix album, and fifteen mix CDs made by people like Amy Poehler, Mindy Kaling, David Byrne, Miranda July and many more of their favorite Merge tracks. It retails for over 200 dollars, and we're raffling it off as part of the Merge Night Celebration, all proceeds going to the JP Music Fest...stop by the shop and buy a raffle ticket today!, Tres Gatos musical madness kicks off tommorow at 11am!, July Song of the Day, null, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos!!! I WEAR THE BLACK HAT by Chuck Klosterman, as well as great reads from Michael Patrick McDonald, Etgar Keret, Colson Whitehead, Maria Semple and many many more, line the bookshelves of our air conditioned world o' literature. Come by and see for yourself!, Even Teenage Werewolves Love Wax...., July Song of the Day, July Song of the Day, NEW RECORD DAY hits Tres Gatos, with great wax from DEATH, David Lynch, Sugarman 3, Johnny Cash, Otis Redding, Lady Gaga, Explosions in the Sky and more, as well as a TON of used records in from Neil Young, Led Zeppelin, Francoise Hardy, The Doors, Marvin Gaye and many many more!!! Fight the heat with some cool wax!, null, Heat this unrelenting calls for special measures, and today, we believe that measure is a Cava Wine Flight! Nothing is as refreshing as bubbles when it's this hot. We hope you'll saunter (slowly) to Tres Gatos tonight, then relax in our air-conditioned dining room to enjoy these three delicious, nutty, thirst-quenching cavas. Salud!, There are other great record stores in Boston, but we're pretty sure Tres Gatos is the only one where:
1) you can hear live music weekly (every Sat brunch and Monday night, no cover)
2) you can shop with a drink in hand (beer, wine or cocktails)
3) you can have a great meal under the same roof
AND,
4) you get cool freebies with every purchase.

THANK YOU for supporting your local record store! Tres Gatos is proud to be a stage sponsor for this year's JP Music Festival., Our sherry flights don't give up in the heat, they adapt. Tonight, we're featuring three finos, which age under a protective layer of flor (see pic). These are dry, crisp and light, perfect summer wines. The sherries we're tasting tonight are from Gonzalez Byass, Grant, and Valdespino. Heat? What heat?, All we can say is, don't trust a chef who doesn't have a favorite greasy spoon!, TONIGHT!!!, Summer heats up with NEW VINYL DAY at Tres Gatos, featuring great wax from JIMI HENDRIX, The Shins, The Kills, Django Reinhardt, Big Star, Nick Drake and more!! Stop by and check out these record hot discs!, Today would be Ian Curtis's birthday. We're dedicating the next ice cold beer to him., This pretty much says it all., Happy Anniversary to the White Stripes, formed on Bastille Day, 1997...., Summer is the perfect time for Yaz, and we don't mean the Hall of Fame outfielder, although he certainly helps as well. UPSTAIRS AT ERIC'S is on vinyl at Tres Gatos., Tommorow!, If you are going on a road trip, and you still have a cassette player in your car, you've just hit the goldmine: Tres Gatos gives away two cassette tapes with every purchase, from artists ranging from John Coltrane and Thelonious Monk to Lyres and Television. Stop by and check them out!!!, July Song of the Day, You never know when your vinyl might come in handy......, It's coming......, tommorow!!!!, July Song of the Day, null, JAMES HUNTER SIX 'MINUTE BY MINUTE', out on Daptone Records, is one of the coolest records of the summer and we've got it on wax at Tres Gatos!!!, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY SUB POP RECORDS!!!, We don't have this book yet, but as soon as it exists, we will stock it. Can you name the movie? In the meantime, any actual books you'd like for the beach, for road trips, or just to have around the house on hot summer days, Tres Gatos has you covered., July Song of the Day, Our weekly Saturday brunch live music series continues tomorrow with the very talented Brian Friedland. Music starts at 11am, no cover. Also, all summer long, brunch guests get 2 free books, CDs or tapes from a limited collection of promo and used copies., The Tres Gatos Artist for July is Andres Vasquez, a mixed media surrealist who lived in Boston for seven years before moving just this week. In that way, this is a last hurrah, and we invite you to come to the Gatos and take a look at Andres's work., EVIL FRIENDS BY PORTUGAL THE MAN, PRODUCED BY DANGER MOUSE, is one of our favorite records on the summer and is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, July Song of the Day, Always follow directions....., null, NEW VINYL DAY!!! We've got great summer classics from THE BUDOS BAND, Kendrick Lamar, The Beach Boys, Pokey LaFarge, Tribe Called Quest, Thunder Cats, James Hunter and many many more!!!, GIRLS LIKE US by SHEILA WELLER leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY; we've also got great reads from David Foster Wallace, John Green, Dave Eggers, Keith Richards and more!!, For tonight's flight, we're thrilled to offer three sherries from esteemed producer Gonzalez Byass, whose export manager will be our guest tonight to answer any questions you might have. We're tasting Tio Pepe fino, Viña AB amontillado, and Alfonso oloroso seco., Can you name the movie this is from? Challenge of the Day., July Song of the Day, Time for another sherry flight! This week we're tasting three Amontillados, which is a sherry that is originally aged with flor, then is oxidized for the remainder of the aging process. For film buffs, amontillado was served with turtle soup in "Babette's Feast." Enjoy!, Whatever your go-to beach read is this summer, we've got it at Tres Gatos!!, Vinyl is about Discovery., July Song of the Day, the toughest decisions...., some great summer wax in stock...SAM COOKE HITS OF THE 50'S....Bruce Springsteen Born in The USA....Stevie Wonder Songs In The Key of Life....The Dirty Dancing Soundtrack....The Jackson 5's Greatest Hits.....and about 300 more that we simply HAVE to show you..., Vinyl for the Private Moments., July Song of the Day, Tonight at 9pm, come sing, dance, eat, drink, stomp and strut with Blonde on Blue!!!, Thanks to Bethan and the folks at The Culture Trip, a travel and culture website based in London, for including us in their Top 10 Boston brunch places list! And a quick reminder that Saturday brunches will have LIVE MUSIC starting at 11am!, The Black Keys El Camino is at Tres Gatos on vinyl, and we think this is absolutely ESSENTIAL summer time music. Come in and air guitar with us., Vinyl Means Adventure., July Song of the Day, null, Guys need beach reads too. What kind of beach reads? WORLD WAR Z...READY PLAYER ONE...or how about something fun from Philip K Dick, Hunter Thompson, Larry McMurtry, Kurt Vonnegut or hundreds of others? Find your perfect beach read at Tres Gatos., July Song of the Day, Tres Gatos Jazz Brunch begins tommorow at 11am with the Ethan Kaczowka Jazz Trio. Come out for a meow-mosa, some chickpea pancakes, and fantastic music!, null, Depeche Mode Violator is a great record. We have it at Tres Gatos. But its hot out. Hot people are grumpy. Hot people dont laugh much. SO, if you can come in and make our hot and grumpy record store manager Phil laugh tonight, you will get 10 percent off anything in the shop, up to and including Violator. Dig it!!!!, Keep Calm, We're Back!!! Tres Gatos is back with normal hours tonight, and we're excited to see you all!! Stop in and catch us up on how you spent your crazy 4th of July!! We'll see you tonight., July Song of the Day, Good friends of the record shop Doom Lover got a great write-up in the Weekly Dig, and are playing Friday night at TT The Bears. Check them out!!!, null, Still searching for the perfect soundtrack to your 4th of July cookout/dance party/group mediation? Tres Gatos has you covered, with great vinyl in from GORILLAZ, Depeche Mode, Yaz, Sonny Rollins, Cut Copy, Townes Van Zandt, Harry Nilsson,The Black Keys and dozens more!!!, Our wine flight tonight features three delicious whites from Catalania, in northeastern Spain: Cellar Pinol "Portal," La Vinyeta "Heus Blanc," and Gramona "Gessami Blanco." These are perfect summer whites. We hope you can join us. Happy 4th!, July Song of the Day, WE NEED NEW NAMES BY NOVIOLET BULAWAYO leads the pack on this NEW BOOK DAY, along with great titles from Max Brooks, Joan Didion, David Mitchell, JP's own Chuck Collins, Junot Diaz, Nevil Schute and more! Find the perfect 4th of July Beach read tonight!!!, Unleash your Inner DJ....., July Song of the Day, null, Sweet Tooth by Ian McEwan is out in paperback today and at Tres Gatos!!!!, Our sherry flight tonight features three olorosos, which age entirely without flor, and are full-bodied, dry and nutty. They pair well with fuller-flavored foods, and are also excellent at the end of a meal. Enjoy!, Remember jazz fans---if you wear a jazzy hat to the show tonight, everything in the record store is 10 percent off. That includes great wax from MILES DAVIS, Charles Mingus, Sonny Rollins, Chet Baker, Curtis Fuller, Thelonious Monk, John Coltrane, Kenny Burrell, Dexter Gordon and many many many others!, Check out Zagat's post about Tres Gatos, Hat Night, and Dennison Blackett., Tonight at 8pm, Dennison Blackett blows his mighty horn for a night of great jazz! And, if you wear a cool or nifty hat, you'll get ten percent off in the book and record store!, Let's all listen together!!!, null, FRANK ZAPPA 'OVERNITE SENSATION' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!!, June Song of the Day, Its 10 percent off all used records at Tres Gatos today, including THE WHO, George Harrison, Ike and Tina Turner, Jimmy McGriff, Coleman Hawkins, Yaz, Paul Simon and about 1500 more....stop in and check them out!!!, June Song of the Day, Vinyl Makes You Strong., The Jimmy Cliff KCRW Sessions is now at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!!, It's summer. Beat the heat with a good vinyl record. Take a cue from Norma Jeane. Find the perfect wax today., June Song of the Day, SUMMER BRUNCH SPECIAL: join us for brunch any weekend this summer (10am to 2pm), and we'll treat you to a couple of free books, tapes or CDs from a selection of cool promo copies or slightly worn stuff., We think the new Capital Cities album, In a Tidal Wave of Mystery, is one of the very coolest records of the summer. We've got it on wax and fully encourage you to give it a listen., null, Where it all happens....., June Song of the Day, Thanks to Urban Daddy for including the return of Hat Night in The Weekender. See ya Monday, gatos!, HAT NIGHT IS BACK! Starting next Monday (July 1), Hat Night will be a first-Monday-of-the-month tradition once again. That means wear your favorite beret, panama, floppy, beanie, fez, porkpie, or regular old baseball cap and groove to live music by the Dennison Blackett Jazz Ensemble. Show starts at 8pm, no cover, normal dinner service until 10pm. Reservations recommended., Cats don't like loud noises, but they do like an occasional day off. Tres Gatos will be CLOSED Thursday July 4, open again on Friday with our regular hours. Happy 4th!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! We've got great wax in stock from LANA DEL REY, The Cure, Capital Cities, M83, Hot Chip, Manfred Mann, Dr Dre, Jimmy Cliff, and many many more!!!!, TRES GATOS FORECAST -- Outside: hot, humid, thunderstorms. Inside: cool cats, A/C, and a Txakolina wine flight! These three wines are crisp, minerally, and perfect for summer refreshment. Tonight, we're featuring two whites and one rose. Enjoy!, song of the day, null, The night that was......., THE HISTORY OF FOOD IN 100 RECIPES BY WILLIAM SITWELL leads the charge on this, NEW BOOK DAY!!! We also got in great beach reads from Ernest Cline, Lydia Davis, Tom Robbins, Carol Brunt, Ben Fountain and many more!!!!, null, You had to have been there. Song of the Day. 

Thank you to Tallahassee, The JP Music Fest, Gordon Gano, and most important, ALL OF YOU, for making last night one of the coolest nights we've ever had at Tres Gatos. Now we have to go and dream it all up again...., North Coast beer dinner is TONIGHT, and there's still some seats left. Here's the tasting menu: Mahogany clam ceviche, Beef cheek empanadas, Smoked Spanish mackerel pâté, Bronzini with zucchini ensalada, and Pork ribs with a Brother Thelonious BBQ sauce. Optional Imperial stout float with espresso ice cream for dessert. We hope you can join us for this this one-night-only menu!, Things just got REAL., TONIGHT!!!!, Check out the sweet shout out we got from the Weekly Dig about TONIGHT'S SHOW!!!!, null, null, GEORGE HARRISON ALL THINGS MUST PASS leads off a pack of great USED VINYL we recently got in, also including Al Green, John Lennon, Marvin Gaye, Nina Simone, Gladys Knight and the Pips, The Byrds and many many more!!!, June Song of the Day, Nine Inch Nails The Downward Spiral, Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins, 1954...., Camera Obscura Desire Lines, Shearwater and Sharon Van Etten "Stop Dragging My Heart Around" 7 inch single...., Calexico "Spiritoso", a great Record Store Day release recently back in stock..., Songs for Slim by the Replacements, their first new recordings in well over a decade., Thanks to the crew at Tremont 647 for the delicious brunch and gracious service this morning. Little gato Dylan (just over a year old) had his first biscuits and gravy and loved it. Gracias!, JUNE SONG OF THE DAY, Your record collection is NOT as good as Chewbacca's. Yet., Weekly LIVE MUSIC at Tres Gatos kicks off this Monday with a special acoustic performance by roots rockers Tallahassee, starting at 6:30 pm. $15 suggested cover, as this is a fundraiser for the JP Music Festival happening in Sept. Food and drink will be available all night. Great music, great cause, hope you can join us!, June Song of the Day, null, null, MASSIVE GIGANTIC BIG HONKIN' NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! We've got wax in from OTIS REDDING/ARETHA FRANKLIN, Neil Young, Nine Inch Nails, Shuggie Otis, Curtis Fuller, Daft Punk, John Lee Hooker, Mulatu Astatke and dozens more! This has to be seen to be believed., Gatos Help You Find the Perfect Record., June Song of the Day, Every DJ is a warrior. He changes the tone, the temperature and the mood of a room. He is a ninja. He brings light to the darkness. Release your inner DJ., North Coast Beer Dinner at Tres Gatos is next Tuesday! A four course, one-night-only tasting menu will be paired with four North Coast beers, with an optional Old Rasputin (Russian imperial stout) ice cream float for dessert. Brewery co-owner and his wife will be our special guests. Reservations highly recommended. Hope you can join us., null, null, The entire Tres Gatos family raises a glass to the greatest television actor of all time, James Gandolfini. Its a sad day., NEW VINYL DAY!!!! We're leading off BOARDS OF CANADA 'TOMMOROW'S HARVEST', and we also have great wax in from Bombino, Daft Punk, The National, T Rex, The Rolling Stones, Chet Baker, Otis Redding, Metric, the Talking Heads and many many more!!!!, Our wine flight tonight features three distinctive reds packed with flavor, coming from three different regions in Spain: Campo de Borja, Ribeira Sacra, and Priorat. These are fantastic summer reds. And, the sun is out and our PATIO is OPEN!, WE ARE ALL BESIDE OURSELVES BY KAREN JOY FOWLER leads the pack on NEW BOOK DAY, as well as great new titles from Colum McCann and David Sedaris and classics by Jane Gordam, Claire Messud, Gregory Roberts and more!!, June Song of the Day, ITS HERE!!!, ITS OUT TODAY!!!! SIGUR ROS 'KVEIKUR' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD, including the special edition vinyl with bonus 10 inch!!!!, Our sherry flight tonight features three moscatels, from Ainzon, Gutierrez Colosia, and Cesar Florido. The moscatel grape is used to make sweeter sherries, which are still light and well-balanced. Perfect for dessert!, A WEEK FROM TONIGHT!!!, JAMAICA PLAIN, by COLIN CAMBBELL, is at Tres Gatos and we agree with the world-famous Lee Child when we say 'Very real. Very good.', From the mind of Dan Crocker comes the June Song of the Day, Well said., For Fathers Day, all used vinyl is 10 percent off, and we have one dollar books and fantastic freebies. Take Dad out for a little wax., Fathers Day Song of the Day(and feel free to post your favorite Fathers Day song below), HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO HARRY NILSSON!!!!, We are starting to think that MS MR SECOND HAND RAPTURE might be one of the great summer albums for 2013....let's hear what you think. This, along with countless other groovy wax, is on sale at Tres Gatos!, June Song of the Day, Warning: Prolonged contact with vinyl records can make you roguishly handsome...., From our friends at MATADOR RECORDS comes some great new wax, especially a certain big release thats due on Tuesday(shhh)....but in the meantime, we've got great wax from KURT VILE, The Ponys, Savages, Hyetal and many many more!!!, Bubba Loves Joanie., June Song of the Day, Dad's worth more than a dollar, but still, he might like some of the DOZENS of free and $1 books and records we'll have on hand this weekend. You might even have enough left over to buy him dinner!, On a rainy day, we reach for our favorite vinyl......, June Song of the Day, THE ROLLING STONES 'LET IT BLEED' on 180 gram vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, We featured Nicole as an artist here a few months ago and we were thrilled with her work! Now she's in the Weekly Dig! Go girl!, Back by popular demand, NO DOUBT 'TRAGIC KINGDOM' leads the list on this, NEW VINYL DAY. We've also got great vinyl in stock from Foxygen, Atoms for Peace, The Rolling Stones, Laura Marling, Lee Scratch Perry, Wavves, Silver Jews, LCD Soundsystem and many many more!!!, Tonight's wine flight features white Riojas: 2011 Muga, 2011 Izadi, and 2003 Lopez de Heredia. These whites are medium-bodied and well-rounded, making them ideal for pairing with food., No Brian Wilson!!! Vinyl is NOT FOR THE MOUTH!, June Song of the Day, Beer lovers rejoice! On Tuesday, June 25, we're offering a special tasting menu paired with 4 beers from North Coast Brewing Company: Scrimshaw Pilsner, PranQster Belgian style golden ale, Brother Thelonious Belgian style abbey ale, and Old Stock Ale. Finish the night with an optional Old Rasputin ice cream float! North Coast co-owner Doug Moody will be joining us. Reservations highly recommended. This is some of the best beer out there, period., A TALE FOR THE TIME BEING BY RUTH OZEKI leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY. We also got great reads in stock from Erin Morgenstern, James Salter, Sarah Vowell, Junot Diaz and many more!!!, From our friends at MATADOR RECORDS come the new album from CAMERA OBSCURA, DESIRE LINES, as well as restocks of The National, Vampire Weekend, Cat Power, Delorean and more!!!, JUNE SONG OF THE DAY, Our sherry flight tonight features three sherries from esteemed bodega El Maestro Sierra in Jerez. We'll be tasting a 12 year Amontillado, a 15 year Oloroso, and an Amoroso. These are delicious, complex wines made using old world methods., Why are these cats grooving? Because Tres Gatos now has an entertainment license! Starting with a Tallahassee fundraiser show on 6/24 for the JP Music Festival, Tres Gatos will have LIVE MUSIC EVERY MONDAY NIGHT at 9pm! Stay tuned here for more details., Joanna will be your server for this evening, and she can feel it coming in the air tonight......photo by Caitlin Amaral., Cover of the New York Times? Not too shabby. Vinyl is back. It's nationwide, baby!, Vinyl Brings Us Together, June Song of the Day, Own a little bit of Boston rock history on CD!!! THE LAST RAT: LIVE 1992 BY THE NEIGHBORHOODS, recorded on October 24 1992 at Kenmore Sq's legendary Rathskeller club and featuring 29 songs from one of the best rock bands in Boston history., Forget Youtube. How about You Time. Finding the perfect record for you, and listening to it with open ears and an open mind, can be a defining experiance. Or at the very least, raise the temperature in the room for a few minutes. Come find the perfect record for you today., June Song of the Day, Hot off their set at Boston Calling, come by and check out the self-titled debut album by YOUNG THE GIANT, one of the coolest young bands around!!, Vinyl Is Provocative., June Song of the Day, Simply put: vinyl records are classy. And classic. Shag rugs, however....., We're excited to be one of the first -- maybe THE first -- restaurant in Boston to carry the delicious '09 Puerta Vieja Crianza by Bodegas Riojanas in Rioja. This a classic Rioja from a highly respected winemaker., One of the best Boston rock albums ever, MORPHINE 'CURE FOR PAIN', is back in stock at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!!, June Song of the Day, again from the warped mind of our hero, Dan Crocker, ITS COMING!!!!, ELEANOR FRIEDBERGER 'PERSONAL RECORD' is one of our very favorite records of the year!!!, June Song of the Day, Its official!!! The author event for JP Reads 2013 is Junot Diaz reading Drown at the Footlight Club, October 25th. This is a long way away, but the book is available at Tres Gatos, and there will be plenty of discussions and workshops over the summer. Go JO Reads!, Tres Gatos First Thursday Artist for this month is Derek Palmer. Derek is a photographer whose lastest project is a set of stark and striking Americana photos, and we are excited to have him displaying here at the 3 Cats. For more on his work, check out his website: http://derekpalmerphoto.com/, June Song of the Day, Tonight, our wine flight features three roses from different parts of Spain: Martinez Laquesta from Rioja Alta, Ercavio from Tierra de Castilla, and Los Bermejos from Lanzarote (pictured above). Rose is a delicious option in the summer months, and this is a great opportunity to try three side by side!, NEW VINYL DAY hits TRES GATOS!!! We've got the newest from QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE, "LIKE CLOCKWORK", as well as great wax from Ms Mr, Young the Giant, Link Wray, Mikal Cronin, Miles Davis, The Strokes, The Replacements and many many more!!!, Even zombies prefer the sound of vinyl. Food for thought. Or thoughts for food?, Do you love the FUTURE BIBLE HEROES? This off-shoot of The Magnetic Fields recently released MEMORIES OF LOVE, ETERNAL LOVE and their newest record, PARTYGOING, in one package, and we think its one of the coolest vinyl/CD box sets of the year!, BILLY LYNN'S LONG HALFTIME WALK BY BEN FOUNTAIN leads the pack on this NEW BOOK DAY, featuring everything from Junot Diaz, Tom Robbins and Sherman Alexie to "Moby Dick" and the Kama Sutra!!!! Stop in for a perfect summer read., For tonight's sherry flight. we're pairing three different types of sherry -- a manzanilla (Santiago), amontillado (Grant), and oloroso (Gutierrez Colosia) -- with three different cheeses. We hope you can join us., June Song of the Day, FLIGHT BEHAVIOR BY BARBARA KINGSOLVER is out in paperback today!!!!!, We got a small order of restocks on classics albums from Merge Records, including wax from WILD FLAG, Neutral Milk Hotel, Arcade Fire, Conor Oberst and more!!!, Via Dan Crocker, one of our all time favorite guests, comes your JUNE SONG OF THE DAY, SAM COOKE AND THE SOUL STIRRERS 'GOSPEL IN MY SOUL' is just one of the exciting used vinyls we have in stock, as well as great titles from Van Halen, Roxy Music, Devo, Jimmy Smith, Blondie and more!, Hot off their set at Boston Calling, we have CULTS self-titled album on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, June Song of the Day, Our patio is open for brunch on this beautiful summer day (unfortunately, we can't promise you the water view). New on the menu is Pulled Pork with poached eggs and arugula salad. Pairs pretty well with a Bloody Mary!, Its coming up!, AND THE MOUNTAINS ECHOED BY KHALED HOSSEINI is at Tres Gatos in hardcover!, New Month, New Theme. June is both Candy Month AND Fruit and Veggie Month, so this promises to be a truly weird song cycle, and as always, we invite your ideas and requests. So here it is, your song of the day...., Vinyl is always the best medicine....., PRETTY & NICE 'GOLDEN RULES FOR GOLDEN PEOPLE' is one of the coolest records we've heard recently, and we have it on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Today in 1982, R.E.M. signed a five-album deal with I.R.S. Records, an independent label based in California., NEW VINYL DAY from our good friends Forced Exposure in Malden, Ma, one of the coolest distributors around. We've got BLADE RUNNER SOUNDTRACK by VANGELIS, as well as unique wax from King Tubby, John Coltrane, Max Roach, Memphis Slim, Curtis Mayfield, Jimmy McGriff, Aretha Franklin and many many more!!!, NEW VINYL DAY AT TRES GATOS!!! Fight the heat with a great new record, including DAFT PUNK 'RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES', the worldwide smash hit, as well The Clash, James Blake, Pretty and Nice, Green Day, Morphine, and many many more!!!!, Today in 1991, Morrissey played the first date on his debut 'Kill Uncle' US concert tour at San Diego Sports Arena, California, Great Summer Reads are at Tres Gatos including THE GREAT GATSBY by F SCOTT FITZGERALD, maybe one of the greatest novels ever written and basis for one of the summers runaway cinema hits, as well as great reads from Murakami, Hemingway, Jennifer Egan, Steve Martin, Jack Finney and many many more!!!, Boston's answer to The British Invasion, THE REMAINS, is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, It was on this day in 1997 that Jeff Buckley went for his final swim in Wolf River Harbor, fully clothed and singing the chorus of 'Whole Lotta Love.' Here's to you, Mr. Buckley, and all of the beautiful music you've left behind...., On the shelves at Tres Gatos: this beautiful First Edition copy of Bret Easton Ellis's 'THE RULES OF ATTRACTION.', Our sherry flight tonight features three finos: Santiago Manzanilla, La Garrocha Fino by Grant, and Ynocente Fino by Valdespino. Finos are light, dry and refreshing, a perfect warm weather drink and delicious with food, such as olives and boquerones. Enjoy!, Here's wishing a very Happy Birthday to Mr. John Fogerty, born today, May 28, 1945., HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY FOLKS! The cold, gray days seem to finally be behind us and with that comes a new soundtrack. We have some great USED VINYL perfect for this gorgeous weather including Jimi Hendrix, Madness, The Beach Boys, Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Specials, The Selectors, and so many more...., On this day in 1977, a gentleman by the name of Declan McManus made his live debut at the Nashville in London as Elvis Costello., For sale at Tres Gatos, SMUGGLERS WAY is Domino and Ribbon's first ever limited edition zine made exclusively for Record Store Day. It features five multi-colored Flexi Discs of unreleased songs from Dirty Projectors, Real Estate, Cass McCombs (covering Leonard Cohen), John Maus, and The Villagers and a 24 page zine featuring original art and prose from Domino and Ribbon artists. Come check it out!, Today in 1979, 'Sunday Girl' topped the UK charts, making it Blondie's second UK No.1 hit single. The track is off of their album, 'Parallel Lines,' which became the year's biggest selling album., Happy Birthday to Paul Weller of The Jam, one of the most dapper men in rock and roll!, Musicians: this is tommorow!!!!, Gray days call for gray day music, we think. Among the wax we have in stock that we recommend for a gray day: JOHNNY CASH LIVE AT TOWN HALL 1958, Tom Waits Mule Variations, Ryan Adams 29, The National Trouble Will Find Me, Leonard Cohen Songs From a Room, and many many more...., Today in 1968, Simon and Garfunkel scored their second US No.1 album with 'Bookends'. The album featured four US singles: 'A Hazy Shade of Winter', 'At the Zoo', 'Fakin' It' and 'Mrs Robinson', A bit late, but here at Tres Gatos, we're remembering Ray Manzarek, keyboard player for the Doors, producer of X, and a true rock and roll legend. Goodbye, farewell and amen, buddy., HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOB DYLAN!!!! Celebrating with a rainstorm....., SHOVELS AND ROPE 'O BE JOYFUL' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, Today in 1966, Captain Beefheart appeared at the Whisky a Go Go. West Hollywood, California. He was supported by Buffalo Springfield and The Doors., This has been such a good year for music, especially recently. There have been some huge albums this year. The new National, Vampire Weekend, She and Him and Dawes all come to mind....but Charles Bradley's newest, "Victim of Love", needs to be mentioned in any discussion of 2013's best albums. If you haven't heard it, play it front to back now. And all of the records mentioned above are in stock at Tres Gatos on vinyl(and most on CD, too)., Today in 1943, Norman Johnson of the band Chairmen Of The Board was born. Coincidentally-or maybe not-we've had this record in the store for months and nobody has bought it, and that simply blows our minds. So, Happy Birthday, Norman Johnson!!!, Today in 2009, White Stripes drummer Meg White married Jackson Smith at ex-husband and bandmate Jack White's Nashville home. Jack and Meg White were married for four years and divorced in 2000. The event was part of a double wedding, which also saw Jack Lawrence and Jo McCaughey marry. Lawrence plays bass in Jack White's other musical projects, The Raconteurs and The Dead Weather., NEW RECORD DAY!!! With SERGE GAINSBOURG leading the way, we've got great wax in from Air, Dexter Gordon, Pretty N Nice, Johnny Cash, Raveonettes, The Knife, REM, Tom Waits, Norah Jones and many many more!!!, It really is THAT good., Its new book day today, and went a little crazy with the Penguin Deluxe Classics series, because, frankly, we think they're gorgeous. We've got DANTE, we've got Shirley Jackson, HP Lovecraft, Gustave Flaubert, DH Lawrence and many more....then we started thinking about classics in general, including the gorgeous anniversary additions of Catch 22 and Farenheit 451, and then we just started thinking about stuff we love, from Jess Walter to Erik Larson to Bukowski...and needless to say, we think this is a pretty fantastic book order, and we'd love to sell you your next great read., Truer words were never spoken......, THE NATIONAL 'TROUBLE WILL FIND ME' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD, and we think its one of the best records of the year!! On the USED VINYL front, we've got great wax from Bob Marley(alot of Bob Marley), Talking Heads,The Specials, Madness, Jimi Hendrix, Bessie Smith, Jimmy Cliff, Elvis Costello, and more!!!, Our sherry flight tonight features three manzanillas. These are fino sherries from the town of Sanlucar de Barrameda; they're light, floral and refreshing, perfect for this time of year. Served with a food pairing chosen by the chef., NEW VINYL IN FROM MATADOR RECORDS, including THE NEW PORNOGRAPHERS 'MASS ROMANTIC', as well as Majical Cloudz, Kurt Vile, Interpol and more!!!, Today in 1997, U2 caused traffic chaos in Kansas City, Missouri after they paid for traffic control to close down five lanes so they could shoot the video for 'Last Night On Earth'. Apart from major traffic jams, a passing Cadillac crashed into a plate glass window trying to avoid a cameraman., 10% off used vinyl at Tres Gatos makes us wanna...., “It’s important to keep indie record stores alive because they are unique environments that introduce music lovers to things in a very personal way.”
- Norah Jones

"Its important that any of you who know Norah Jones personally introduce me to her"
 
-Phil the record store manager, Now for something completely different, and a little frisky: THE CRAMPS 'STAY SICK' on gorgeous gorgeous vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Today in 1973, Paul Simon released the single 'Kodachrome' named after the Kodak 35mm film Kodachrome which became a No.2 hit in the US. It was not released as a single in Britain, because the BBC would not play the trademarked name., More great used vinyl, featuring STEVIE WONDER 'I WAS MADE TO LOVER HER' as well as classics from The Animals, Johnny Cash, Queen, Willie Nelson, David Bowie, Michael Jackson and many more!!! 10 percent off all day today!!, Its a beautiful day. Really, truly stunning. Because of that, its 10 percent off used vinyl at Tres Gatos today, including THE BEACH BOYS 'ENDLESS SUMMER', as well as titles from Stevie Ray Vaughn, Coleman Hawkins, Billy Idol, The Jefferson Airplane, The Byrds, Elvis Costello and thousands more!, Morbid alert: Today in 1980, Joy Division singer and guitarist Ian Curtis hanged himself in the kitchen of his house in Macclesfield, England at the age of 23. Curtis had the Iggy Pop album 'The Idiot', playing on his stereo and left a note that said, 'At this very moment, I wish I were dead. I just can't cope anymore.' Joy Division released the critically acclaimed debut album Unknown Pleasures in 1979, and recorded their follow-up 'Closer' in 1980., OK, one more. ITS NOT JUST SENTIMENTAL by OTIS REDDING, rare and unreleased tracks, on vinyl,  including "The Boston Monkey". THIS is cool., SOCK IT TO ME by COLLEEN GREEN is cool, noisy, fuzzed out, toe-tapping, silly, and she's from 'round here, although she lives in LA now. This is one of the records to watch this summer, and we've got it at Tres Gatos., Today in 1975: Elton John’s "Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy" album was released. It was the first album to be certified a million-seller on its first day of release., SURPRISE NEW RECORD DAY!!! We've got some more great stuff in from our friends FORCED EXPOSURE in beautiful Malden, Mass, including FRANCOISE HARDY, Dr John, Gerry Mulligan, MF Doom, Dave Brubeck, Black Sabbath and many many more!, Today in 1969, during the Who's set at the Fillmore East in New York, a plainclothes policeman rushes the stage to tell the audience that a fire has broken out, but guitarist Pete Townshend, figuring him for a rabid fan, kicks him off. Literally. The guitarist is arrested onstage, and later charged $30., We're really excited about a new bottled beer on our list: Prairie Hop from Prairie Artisan Ales in Tulsa OK. Two brothers started this brewery, and we really love what they're doing. This is a large format, hop driven saison, with notes of peach, mango and tangerine and a lovely, dry finish. We urge you to try it!, null, A used record we're really excited about: FORMULA 30, a compilation of songs put out by Decca Records in 1983 featuring everybody from The Rolling Stones, The Zombies, The Small Faces and The Spencer Davis Group to Dire Straits, The Stranglers, Blondie, and a half dozen more. This is, simply put, the coolest party record we've seen in a long time., NEW RECORD DAY!!!! TUPAC 'ALL EYEZ ON ME' leads the pack, along with great wax from David Bowie, Chet Baker, The Specials, Hooray for Earth, Otis Redding, Major Lazer, The Cramps, Leonard Cohen and dozens more! Stop in and check them out!!!, Today in 1984, Nils Lofgren replaced "Miami" Steve Van Zandt in Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band., NEW BOOK DAY!!! Including some great titles from the Penguin Ink series, including THE BONE PEOPLE by KERI HULME, as well as classics from Lawrence Durrell, Angela Carter, Martin Amis and more, along with other great reads from Lawrence Wright, Philp K Dick, Meredith Goldstein and many more!, We just got an order in from MATADOR RECORDS, including the newest  from VAMPIRE WEEKEND, MODERN VAMPIRES OF THE CITY, on limited edition white vinyl, regular vinyl and CD, as well as classics from Come, AC Newman, Glasser and more!!!!, For tonight's sherry flight, we're featuring three sherries that receive some oxidation: Gonzalez Byass Amontillado, Santiago Palo Cortado, and El Maestro Sierra Oloroso. Our chef will be pairing each with a pincho. Hope you can join us., Today in 1966: For the record ninth time in three years, the Kingsmen's hit version of "Louie Louie" enters the Billboard singles charts.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RZJ4ESU52U, LIGHTNIN' AND THE BLUES BY LIGHTNIN' HOPKINS is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Today in 1985 : Tipper Gore, who is the wife of Tennessee senator Al Gore, forms the Parents Music Resource Center (PMRC) with 3 other politically-connected women after listening to the Prince song Darling Nikki. The group pressures the RIAA to establish a ratings system for albums and concerts like there exists in movies, and also to keep offensive album covers out of view in record stores. They end up getting warning stickers on albums with offensive lyrics., null, THIS., BOOK OF LONGING by LEONARD COHEN is one of the fantastic hardcover books which are 20 percent off this weekend, for Mother's Day!!! New titles, old classics, first editions, all 20 percent off!!! Stop in and take a look!, Today in 1963, Bob Dylan walked out of rehearsals for the US TV Ed Sullivan show after being told he couldn't perform his song Talking John Birch Paranoid Blues due to it mocking the US military and segregation. CBS officials asked Dylan to substitute it for another song, but the singer reportedly said: 'No, this is what I want to do. If I can't play my song, I'd rather not appear on the show'., The Official Tres Gatos Guitart and the Official Tres Gatos Record Nut., IGGY POP 'THE IDIOT' on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Today in 1988, legendary songwriter Irving Berlin turned 100 years old. A crowd gathered outside his apartment in New York City and sang some of his tunes. He died the next year and is buried at Woodlawn Cemetary in the Bronx., Day 2 of our Mother's Day Weekend Sale on hardcover books and first editions, 20 percent off til Sunday, including GONE GIRL by GILLIAN FLYNN, as well as dozens and dozens of other titles, with authors ranging from John Cheever and Karen Russell to Ferran Adria and Walter Isaacson. Remember, this sale ends Sunday Night, so you have plenty of time to find the perfect book for you and yours!, VINYL VINYL VINYL!!!!!!!!! We've got great new wax in from NINA SIMONE, Iggy Pop, John Coltrane, Marianne Faithfull, Joy Division, Lightning Hopkins and many many more!!! Perfect to start the weekend!, Just in time for Mother's Day, for this weekend, all HARDCOVER books are 20 percent off. That includes bestsellers like WILD by CHERYL STRAYED as well as best selling titles from David Sedaris, Hilary Mantel, Jennifer Haigh, Barbara Kingsolver and many more, as well as dozens of gorgeous first editions. Don't know what to get Mom? We've got the answer for you here., Today in  1986, The Pet Shop Boys went to No.1 on the US singles chart with 'West End Girls', the duo's first US No.1, also a No.1 in the UK., CHARLIE PARKER 'BIRD AT ST. NICK'S' at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, Phil, the record store manager, is a total Bruce Springsteen fanatic. Anybody who shops in the store, or even sits at the bar on a particularly stormy night, knows that? So how did he not know that this happened today? One of the most important events in Bruce's career happened today, in Cambridge, Mass. And we'd be fools if we didn't repost. Thanks, Noelle., Today in 1964, Louis Armstrong went to No.1 on the US singles chart with 'Hello Dolly' making him the oldest artist to hit No.1 at the age of 62. In 2011, 85 year-old Tony Bennett broke this record when his Duets album topped the US album chart., For tonight's wine flight, we're featuring three tinto finos from Ribeira del Duero: 2009 El Pedrosal, 2007 Teon del Condado, and 2009 Hacienda Monasterio. These are smooth, medium-bodied wines with well-integrated tannins and lovely dark fruit. Enjoy!, NEW BOOK DAY!!! We've got AD HOC AT HOME by the famous THOMAS KELLER, as well as great titles form David Byrne, JRR Tolkien, Nathan Englander, Joseph Heller, Junot Diaz and more!, NEW VINYL DAY!!! Kicking off with the classic SUBLIME, we've also got Nick Cave, Andrew Bird, Thelonious Monk, The Knife, the newest from THE THERMALS, The Cure and many many more!!!, Today in 1970, The Beatles twelfth and final album, 'Let It Be' was released, (it was recorded before 'Abbey Road' and originally to be called 'Get Back'). The album came in a deluxe-boxed edition with a 'Get Back' book., Adulting by Kelly Williams Brown is at Tres Gatos in paperback!!!, Also out today, Tallahassee's Old Ways on CD. Come out and support one of the coolest bands in Boston!!, Take a hint from Jack: an impressive record collection will make all the ladies smile. All the men, too., It's sherry time again! For tonight's flight, we're featuring three sherries from Gonzalez Byass: Tio Pepe Fino Muy Seco, AB Amontillado, and Nectar PX Dulce. Best known for their "Tio Pepe," Gonzalez Byass started the appreciation of Fino as a dry white wine and consistently produces high quality wines from Jerez. Even the mice are hooked., A year ago today, Caitlin Amaral worked her first shift at Tres Gatos, beginning a long and strange journey. Stop by tonight and wish her a happy anniversary!, The new SHE AND HIM record is out and at Tres Gatos in vinyl and CD!!! We will be spinning it at 9pm tonight, and hope you come in to give a listen, as well as pick up posters, stickers and bags from Merge Records!, Thanks to Boston Eater for including our beloved Lamb Bocadillo on your cool list of great beefless burgers in Boston!, FRANK ZAPPA 'FINER MOMENTS' is at Tres Gatos on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl!!!, 1965, In their Clearwater, Florida hotel room, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards worked out the opening guitar riff of 'Satisfaction', following Richard's purchase of a Gibson fuzz-box earlier that day. The song is considered to be one of the all-time greatest rock songs ever recorded. In 2004 Rolling Stone magazine placed 'Satisfaction' in the second spot on its list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time., Dessert has a little extra meaning this week for the Gatos: it's Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer week, and we're part of the 50% club, which means half of the proceeds from ALL desserts we sell from today through this Sunday will be donated to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Bakes for Breast Cancer Inc. Thanks in advance to everyone who supports this great cause., And the video that goes along with it!!!!, Check out this great article from Margarita Martinez on WGBH's website., The best album around for these warm spring days, in our humble opinion, is the O BROTHER WHERE ART THOU? soundtrack, pressed on gorgeous clear vinyl from Lost Highway Records and featuring Allison Krauss, Gillian Welch, The Stanley Brothers, Emmylou Harris and many many more!, Today, in 1959, Ian McCulloch was born in Liverpool; Ian would go on to front one of the coolest bands of the 1980s, Echo and the Bunnymen. Thanks to friend of the store Randace Moore for sending this along....
_Zs, We've got some great stuff in from our friends at Matador Records, including SAVAGES 'SILENT YOURSELF', as well as great wax from Iceage, Thurston Moore, Harlem, Esben and the Witch, Glasser, Girls, Kurt Vile and more. Stop by and check them out!!!, All used vinyl, including a great copy of GRIZZLEY BEAR 'SHIELDS' is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos today for the Wake Up The Earth Festival!!!!, Wake Up the Earth Day AND Star Wars Day? This is too good to be true., 1970, Four students at Kent University were killed and eleven wounded by National Guard troops at a campus demonstration protesting the escalation of the Vietnam War. The incident inspired Neil Young to compose 'Ohio' which became a hit for Crosby Stills Nash & Young., DAWES 'STORIES DONT END' is back in stock on vinyl and CD!, Today in 1964, Stevie Wonder made his debut on the Ed Sullivan show, singing "Fingertips"...., BUNKER HILL BY NATHANIEL PHILBRICK, author of IN THE HEART OF THE SEA and personal fave of bookstore manager Phil, is at Tres Gatos in hardcover, NEW VINYL DAY PART 2:We should tell you about the new DAWES and YEAH YEAH YEAHs records we have in stock, but we're most excited about ETTA JAMES AT LAST! (featuring bonus cd), a record thats been on our wishlist for a long time. We also got, by popular demand, THE DRIVE SOUNDTRACK, as well as great wax by Ice Cube, Joe Pass, The Ronettes, Walk The Moon, Vanilla Fudge and many many more!!!, Tres Gatos is thrilled to present Jerel Dye as our new artist for the month on this beautiful First Thursday. Jerel lives in Jamaica Plain and works in illustration. We think his work is unique, evocative and playful, and we hope you agree. Come out tonight to meet Jerel and see this great art up close!, THE FLAMING LIPS 'THE TERROR'!!!!!!!!! THE TERROR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, This day in music history: In 1971 in Denmark, Led Zeppelin played Four Sticks for the ONLY time live. Thanks to Dan Crocker on this one., If Keith Richards loves vinyl, you should probably love vinyl., NEW VINYL DAY!!!! We've got PUSH THE SKY AWAY by NICK CAVE AND THE BAD SEEDS in stock, as well as THE TERROR, the newest from THE FLAMING LIPS. We also got great wax from Frank Zappa, Adele, Kurt Vile, Tame Impala, The Clash, Beach Fossils, Outkast and many many more!!!!, Saturday, May 4th...be on the lookout!!!, New month, new theme....and for May its going to be 'This Day In Music'. As always, any suggestions or ideas, send them our way.

Today in 1965, Herman's Hermits started a 3 day run at number 1 on the US charts with....., For tonight's wine flight, we're excited to offer three superb Mencias from D. Ventura, whose vineyards are located on steep riverbanks in Ribeira Sacra. We're tasting 2011 Viña do Burato, 2011 Peña do Lobo, and 2010 Viña Caneiro. Enjoy!, null, NEW BOOK DAY!!! We've got THE STORYTELLER, the latest from JODI PICOULT, as well as great reads from Adam Johnson, Carlos Ruiz Zafron, Therese Fowler, David Sedaris, George Higgins and many more!, Take a trip to Spain on our patio tonight with our fino sherry flight. Fino is the driest and lightest of all sherries and is delicious on its own or paired with tapas. Tonight we're tasting sherries from Grant, Gonzalez Byass and Valdespino. Enjoy!, SUNDAY SUNDAY!~, “He walked among the bookstore shelves, hearing Muzak in the air. There were rows of handsome covers, prosperous and assured. He felt a fine excitement, hefting a new book, fitting hand over sleek spine, seeing lines of type jitter past his thumb as he let the pages fall. He was a young man, shrewd in his fervors, who knew there were books he wanted to read and others he absolutely had to own, the ones that gesture in special ways, that have a rareness or daring, a charge of heat that stains the air around them.” --Don DeLillo, Mao II, This has nothing to do with our theme for this month, but we just really love this song, and know you will too. Enjoy the beautiful day., Introducing the CROSLEY EXECUTIVE, the newest Crosley turntable we've fallen in love with here at Tres Gatos. We got a big order in today, featuring some of our all time favorites, including the ECHO, the ADVANCE, the COLLEGIATE, the TECH, and more. Stop in and check them out!, April Song of the Day, Help Thanks Wow by Anne Lamott is at Tres Gatos AND we have delicious coffee!, “Folks who work here are professors. Don’t replace all the knowers with guessors. Keep ’em open, they’re the ears of the town”---TOM WAITS on record stores, Oddly, April Song of the Day, “Do yourself a tremendous favour and go to a record store today. The relatively mild exertion of getting off your fat, computer-shackled ass and venturing out to find the object of your desire, the thrill of moving through actual space and time, through row upon row of records, and the tactile ecstasy of fondling the quested treasure—all this will augment and enrich the mental associations the music invokes in you for the rest of your life.” ----Grinderman, featuring Nick Cave, TOMMOROW!, Thanks to all of you for helping us contribute to a positive trend!!! Go Vinyl!!!, It's moving, slowly but surely, but we still have some great records left over from RECORD STORE DAY, including CUT COPY'S debut album, BRIGHT LIKE NEON LOVE, as well as great titles from Nick Drake, The Roots, Thurston Moore, Mercury Rev, The Roots, Willie Nelson and more! Its a beautiful day. Come and spin some wax!, April Song of the Day, You heard it here first...record stores are a great place to meet girls(and guys), especially when there are delicious draft beers involved. Woo her with your air guitar abilities and be pleasently surprised by her air drum prowess. , null, Jazz Comes to Tres Gatos on Sunday....., Start off the weekend right, with a good record(and maybe a good draft beer) at Tres Gatos. Today, we're thinking A DAY AT THE RACES by QUEEN, on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl., Tres Gatos sends out a big RIP to country legend George Jones...., Tres Gatos is accepting Submissions for our next First Thursday artist. Any interested parties should message the Tres Gatos page with some of their work and an artists statement. Thanks, everybody!, YOU MUST VOTE. Aerosmith "Dream On" or The Modern Lovers "Roadrunner" as the state song of Massachusetts. Tres Gatos is usually unbiased, but we fully and wholeheartedly support "Roadrunner". We want to hear your thoughts!, BANKRUPT, the newest from PHOENIX, is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, April Song of the Day, NEW ALBUM DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! We've got MOSQUITO, the latest by the YEAH YEAH YEAHS, as well as new records from PHOENIX, IRON AND WINE, AND THE DJANGO UNCHAINED SOUNDTRACK on VINYL. Also in: great wax by Billie Holiday, Al Green, Kendrick Lamaar, The Clash and more, and great USED wax from Prince, Lynard Skynard, The Rolling Stones, and more. Its a beautiful night. Come spin some wax with us!, How about a Brut Rose wine flight on our sunny patio today? We're tasting  NV Juve y Camps, NV Castellar, and 2009 Raventos i Blanc. These are delicious on their own or with tapas. We hope you can join us!, April Song of the Day, Also, its World Book Day Today, which we're going to extend to World Book Week...grab a good book and hunker down on this cold night. If you need a good book, the bookstore is open and waiting..., Spread the good word....Vinyl Today and Vinyl Tomorrow., LET'S EXPLORE DIABETES WITH OWLS BY DAVID SEDARIS is at Tres Gatos in hardcover!!!, What better way to warm your blood on a cold, rainy day than a few glasses of sherry? For tonight's flight, we're featuring three Amontillados from Jerez: La Garrocha from Bodegas Grant, Viña AB from Gonzalez Byass, and 12 años from El Maestro Sierra. Enjoy!, “My introduction to all this great music and to ‘the music business’ came from hanging around, and eventually, working at independent record stores. Nothing beats browsing in your favorite store, listening to music, finding something new or old that you’ve been searching for, all that. And without these stores, there’s just no way Wilco would still be around."----Jeff Tweedy, April Song of the Day, America's pop music sweetheart finds a new Beau......, We've got dozens of Record Store Day releases still in the shop, and this week, we'll be posting some of our favorites, starting with this Bob Dylan 45, WIGWAM/THIRSTY BOOTS, a preview of the new Bootleg Series Volume 10, dropping soon....., April Song of the Day, One week from today, come out and support Dennison Blackett, one of the coolest cats in JP>...., Song of the Day, Time to sit down and have a breather. Yesterday was so fun, so exciting, so wonderful, thanks to all of you. All of you who came out for Record Store Day, all of you who support local business, rock and roll, indie stores, and, as we found out this week, each other. We were touched to see so many of our regulars and so many new faces and friends, too. Thank you, everybody., Wake up Gatos, it's Record Store Day! We open at 10am with free coffee and THE best RSD selection in JP. Our whole restaurant is PLASTERED with limited edition vinyl, and it will run out fast! Bar opens at noon so you can shop AND drink bloody marys, beer, wine, etc. Light bar menu this afternoon until dinner. See you soon!, Its less than ten hours to Record Store Day after a long, trying and weird week in Boston. We hope to see you all tomorrow, starting at 10am and going deep into the night. Its a celebration of great records, rare releases, cool stuff. Its a celebration of local record stores,and all the character and excitement they bring to their neighborhoods. Most of all, its a celebration of YOU, the people who shop at record and bookstores, the people who enjoy a community meeting place for ideas, opinions, recommendations and maybe, sometimes, wine. Tomorrow is for you. We'll see you there., Record Store Day Is On. Tommorow. 10am. We will not be intimidated., April Song of the Strange Strange Day, On a totally different subject of increasingly low importance, our Record Store Manager Phil is in the Boston Globe today., Dear friends of Tres Gatos: while our beautiful city is locked down, we must sit tight like everyone else. While we would love to open our doors tonight -- and offer our food, drink, music and company as an antidote to the madness and heartbreak of this week -- that may not be possible. Our plans for Record Store Day tomorrow are also uncertain at this point. We will post updates here, so please stay tuned, and stay safe. The TG team., MICHAEL JACKSON 'BAD' is one of the great USED records we recently received, along with The Beatles, The Shirelles, John Coltrane, Sly and the Family Stone, The Beach Boys and many many more! Stop in and check them out!, April Song of the Day, Big Thanks to the People at UrbanDaddy for including us in their Weekender section!!!, THANKS to Daily Candy for this great piece on Record Store Day, including a shout-out to some of the best indie stores in the country. We are thrilled to be included in the list. Tres Gatos record shop will open at 10am sharp on Saturday, with free coffee for all!, song of the day, NEW RECORD DAY!!! We're headed towards RSD at breakneck speed, and we've got the new one from JAMES BLAKE 'OVERGROWN', as well as wax from David Byrne, Husker Du, George Harrison, Steve Earle, Pearl Jam, Pink Floyd, Wilco, Green Day, Alt-J, and many many more!, Tres Gatos, along with countless other places around the city, will be giving a portion of its sale for the night to the Greg Hill Foundation in support of the victims of Monday's heinous attack on the Boston Marathon. In case you needed another reason to come out and eat, this time its for a good cause., null, No matter what they throw at us, rain or shine, we're prepared to have the biggest, boldest, craziest Record Store Day ever! Please share, tell a friend, phone a crazy vinyl-obsessed uncle, and come out to support indie record stores this Saturday..., Thanks to everyone who visited Tres Gatos last night, including runners, after such a difficult day. This is why we love our community so much. 

Tonight's wine flight features three dry sherries, each paired with a cheese chosen by the Chef: a Palomino Fino from Tio Pepe, an Amontillado Seco from Gonzalez Byass, and Trabajadero Oloroso from Gutierrez Colosia., FAVIKEN, the first book by celebrated Swedish Chef MAGNUS NILSSON, leads the pack on this NEW BOOK DAY. We've also got great reads in from Jonathan Tropper, Mary Roach, Marilynne Robinson and more!!!, If you're looking for a great new record, Dormarion by Telekinesis is one of the best we've heard this year. Its new from Merge Records, and we've got it in stock at Tres Gatos., The world carries on. The city carries on. We take the weight together and we help to carry it. We don't let fear, terror or cowardice distort or distract from the fact that we are all in this together, that we all share this city and that we all love each other. If you have a means to help, go out and help. We can be heroes., Today we got big orders in from Merge Records and Sub Pop Records, including WILLIAM TYLER 'IMPOSSIBLE TRUTH', and great records from Telekensis, Mountain Goats, She and Him, Low, The Thermals, Mount Mariah, Amor de Dias, Radar Brothers, and many many more. Stop in and check them out tommorow!~, April Song of the Day, Our thoughts and prayers go out to everybody in the Back Bay today after the terrible and despicable events at the Boston Marathon. We hope you and your loved ones are safe and we will remain open tonight, if anybody wants to come in for a drink, some food, to listen to a song they love, or just to talk. Boston is the strongest city in the world and we will survive this, together., Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now., Thank you to everyone who came out to see Tallahassee, hear the new record, and support the local music scene here in JP. And thanks to Tallahassee for making truly wonderful music., null, TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!, While better sprinters than marathoners, cats nonetheless have great respect for runners. So...if you're running in the big race tomorrow and want to pack some carbs, stop by Tres Gatos tonight for a big plate of pasta, courtesy of the Cats. And congrats to all of you runners in advance for your achievement!, TOMMOROW. 2pm. Come out and rock and roll with some of JP's best and brightest!, We cannot BELIEVE we missed Rex Manning Day....don't let the same happen to you on Record Store Day, April 20th!, April Song of the Day, Thanks to Gatos regular Dan Crocker for bringing this to our attention....we read this a few months back for book club, and we love the book, and can't wait to see the film version. Tom Perrotta rides again!, The Debo Band had a record release party here last year; we've always loved their unique blend of genres, their charisma, their energy and their soulfulness. Plus, a couple of them, especially Danny, are great vinyl customers. We're so happy they are getting city, state and country wide recognition, and we have the album at Tres Gatos!!!, More great vinyl rolling in to Tres Gatos, including great records from our friends at Sundazed at a great low price. JOHNNY CASH 'BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS', Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan, Stevie Ray Vaughn, the Hollies and more are filling the shelves right now as vinyl mania continues...., April Song of the Day, If you're driving in on the Mass Pike today, be sure to look for the large mural of Chef Marcos Sanchez's chicken confit, in anticipation of our Neighborhood Kitchen episode, airing May 4th at 4pm, Record Store Day is coming!!! We're less than 2 weeks out. WILL YOU BE PREPARED?(Thats us talking to ourselves again)., Tom Waits. Roky Erickson and Okkervil River. Modest Mouse. Cat Power. Blind Wllie McTell. The Stooges. Its hard to choose out of all of the records we've received lately which is our very favorite, but Record Store Manager Phil Wilcox is leaning towards NICK DRAKE 'PINK MOON', recently released in 180 gram vinyl and one of the most beautiful records of all time. That or Justin Timberlake, anyway., Sunday, Sunday, Sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!, April Song of the Day, Well said, Neko Case., NEW RECORD DAY PART 2!!! We've got great new albums from CHARLES BRADLEY, TEGAN AND SARA and DAWES, as well as classic wax from Nick Drake, DJ Shadow, Chet Baker, Nina Simone, Townes Van Zandt and more....COME SEE!, Tonight's wine flight features three wines from the Martinez Lacuesta bodega in the Rioja DO. This venerable bodega was started in 1895. We'll be sampling a white, a rose, and a red. This is a great chance to sample the varied tastes of Rioja!, 40 Years of the Record Industry in a 40 second GIF......, April Song of the Day, Turntables!!! Introducing the new CROSLEY PLAYER TECH, with speakers built in, headphone jack, and AM/FM radio....along with some of our favorite Crosley models, including the Advance, the Collegiate, and the Spinerette., BOOK LOVERS!!! Rejoice!! We've got some great new reads in, including the new KAREN RUSSELL, VAMPIRES IN THE LEMON GROVE, as well as Philip K Dick, Flannery O'Connor, Nicole Krauss and many more!, THE BIGGEST NEW VINYL DAY EVER! Well, almost. We're gearing up for Record Store Day by stocking up on all our faves. We've got the new KURT VILE, WAKIN' ON A SUNNY DAY, as well as incredible way from Otis Redding, Rage Against the Machine, Chet Baker, Cat Power, My Bloody Valentine, Morphine,Os Mutantes and many many more! See it to believe it!!, Our sherry flight tonight features three manzanillas, which are dry, delicate and slightly briny -- perfect for patio dining (yes, our patio is open tonight!). The three producers we're sampling tonight are Santiago, Valdespino, and La Cigarrera. We hope you can join us!, April Song of the Day, Hope Springs Eternal. Go Red Sox., Join us on Sunday for a listening party with one of JP's hottest bands, Tallahassee. They'll be spinning their new disc, Old Ways, as well as some of their favorite tunes, and we're doing a special draft beer and lamb bocadillo combo for just ten dollars! Come out and support one of JP's coolest acts., April Song of the Day, happy birthday to Billie Holiday!!!!, LATENIGHTTALES: MGMT, featuring Suicide, Television Personalities, Spacemen 3, The Chills, The Velvet Underground and many more(including MGMT covering Bauhaus) is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!!!, April Song of the Day, In celebration of the change of season, our brunch tortilla today features spring ramps! We're counting down the days until patio season, but until then, here's a taste of spring for you., TOMMOROW!, If you're sick of the same old breakfast routine, you need to stop in for Tres Gatos brunch today!!! Its a new spin on an old meal, unlike any other brunch around, and with an all-soul soundtrack. We're here. Break free from routine! Come to the Gatos!, The newest from MARY ROACH, 'GULP', is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover!!!, April Song of the Day, The weather is beautiful and we wish you were here!

-from the Gatos, SO TONIGHT THAT I MIGHT SEE by MAZZY STAR, featuring "Fade Into You", is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, april song of the day, Dont forget to come and say hi to The Gatos at the JP Forum Tonight. Marcos Sanchez has made some great gumbo, David Doyle is going to do 50 push ups and Phil Wilcox is going to juggle eggs. TONIGHT!, APRIL SONG OF THE DAY, TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME by CAROL RIFKA BRUNT is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover!, Its First Thursday and Tres Gatos is proud to be featuring art work from Nicole Beauchaine. Nicole is a recent Jamaica Plain transplant and has had shows at West Roxbury Public Library and Cinema Salem. Nicole loves to meet new people and paint their instruments. And is totally not afraid of the dark. Stop by tonight and meet her!, SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!, TOMMOROW!, Our Wednesday wine flight features three wines that are 100% Monastrell, a thick-skinned varietal that grows best in the hot central areas of Spain. We're tasting Alto Real from Bodegas del Rosario, Raspay from Primitivo Quiles, and the very special Fondillon, also by Primitivo Quiles. Hope you can join us., NEW RECORD DAY HITS TRES GATOS! We've got the cool new record WOMAN by RHYE, as well as great wax from Chet Baker, Youth Lagoon, Johnny Cash, James Blake, Justin Timeberlake, Mazzy Star, Billie Holiday and many more....., April Song of the Day, Z: A NOVEL OF ZELDA FITZGERALD BY THERESE ANNE FOWLER leads the pack on NEW BOOK DAY, along with great reads from Carol Rifka Brunt, Gillian Flynn, Nick Flynn(no relation), Haruki Murakami, Kurt Vonnegut and more!, Thursday at the Jamaica Plain Forum!!!! Come and say hi to the Gatos!, For sherry night, we're sampling two Amontillados from two different regions of the Jerez triangle: "La Garrocha" from Bodegas Grant (Puerto de Santa Maria), and El Maestro Sierra 12 year (Jerez de la Frontera), paired with delicious pinchos. Enjoy!, From Restless Native Distribution comes some great rare, live and unreleased material from some of your favorite bands, starting with THE TALKING HEADS 1975 CBS DEMO SESSION. We've also got great hard to find wax from The Smiths, The Violent Femmes, The Pixies, The Birthday Party, New Order, Nirvana and many more!, It was Sous Chef Corey James Isgur's birthday yesterday, and of course we had to let him know he was always on our mind. Here he is with record store manager Phil Wilcox in a little peice we call "Pet Shop Boys"., March Song of the Day, OTIS REDDING LIVE AT THE WHISKEY A GO GO is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, New month, new theme. In honor of Record Store Day, which is just a few weeks away, the theme for this month is Songs About Records. Songs About Vinyl. Songs about Songs. As always, any suggestions should be sent to the 3cats. And now, your song of the day....., This.....is a thing?, THE PROOF!!! Claudia Gonson! Phil! The new Future Bible Heroes is out on June 4th from Matador Records., This just in: Claudia Gonson from the Magnetic Fields and Future Bible Heroes payed us a visit tonight; she loves the churros and is considering Phil as a babysitter., To celebrate Easter, all used vinyl is 10 percent off at Tres Gatos tonight, including MANU CHAO 'LA RADIOLINA', John Coltrane, Bruce Springsteen, Brian Eno, Hawkwind, The Chairmen of the Board and thousands more., ONE WEEK AWAY!, We don't know what this is, or why this is, but Happy Easter!!!!!!!!, HAPPY EASTER!, 20 days to go...., March Song of the Day, I'm assuming this photo needs no introduction., Our brunch tortilla today features Yellowfoot mushrooms! And yes, we will be open for Easter brunch tomorrow, from 10am to 2pm., Back by popular demand, its Drake "Take Care" on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl!, The only thing cuter than Mickey Dolenz of the Monkees is Mickey Dolenz of the Monkees with TWO KITTENS!, March Song of the Day., A WEEK FROM TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, THE FLAMING LIPS 'YOSHEMI BATTLES THE PINK ROBOTS' on vinyl at Tres Gatos. 'Nuff said., At the Tres Gatos Company Easter Egg Hunt last year, Tom Waits found a Cat!, MARCH song of the day, Kurt Cobain and a Kitten. We don't know if the kitten is his, or if Kurt was the cat's, but we do know the cat did some pretty embarrassing stuff to Kurt whilst he slept, and then had the gall to show him the photo evidence!, MARCH song of the day, Time for a new wine flight! Tonight, we're featuring three reds from the Canary Islands, all 100% Listan Negro, an indiginous varietal, often planted behind stone walls to protect the vines from the harsh ocean winds. This is a great chance to sample a varietal that really reflects its terroir., NEW VINYL DAY! Tres Gatos is filled with great new records, including the newest from THE STROKES, COMEDOWN MACHINE. We've also got great wax from Youth Lagoon, The Flaming Lips, Patti Smith, Leonard Cohen, Pink Floyd and more!, Come and hear one of the coolest bands in Boston's new album before it comes out. Also, lamb bocadillos and draft beers!, NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, including an awful lot of William Faulkner. We don't know why, but we're in a major Faulkner mood lately. We also got great titles in from Nick Hornby, Haruki Murakami, Nathaniel Philbrick and more!, For tonight's sherry flight, we're featuring three sherries from El Maestro Sierra, founded in 1832 by master carpenter Jose Antonio Sierra, who had been making barrels for years and yearning to break into the sherry trade. The winery is now one of the most respected sherry producers in Jerez, and produces all their sherries in accordance with old world traditions. Enjoy!, On April 4th, come out and celebrate Molly Ivins with us at the Jamaica Plain Forum, and taste some truly great food, mentioned in the book, prepared by some of the best chefs in JP. Bookstore manager Phil Wilcox will be there, selling the book and tasting the pork chops along with you!, Yukio Mishima has a very tough editor in the form of his feline friend....., March Song of the Day, Here is William Carlos Williams and some William Carlos Kittens having a romp in the woods. Cat Pic of the Day., Ask our newest bookseller, Leigha, to spin Bruce Springsteen The River for you on vinyl. We just got it in today, along with some great used wax from John Coltrane, Tom Petty, Tina Turner and more., March Song of the Day, New on our menu: Red Mullet (a delicious fish prized by the Romans, among others), with beer batter, cilantro gremolata, grilled lemon, and pea shoots!, One of our favorite records of the year is The National "The Virginia EP", featuring rare cuts, demos, a live version of "About Today" that will make you weep, and an amazing Bruce Springsteen cover. This vinyl needs a home! Who among you has the guts?, March Song of the Day, Joan Jett is impervious to Gato bites!!!!, WHAT WE TALK ABOUT WHEN WE TALK ABOUT ANNE FRANK BY NATHAN ENGLANDER is in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Watch as Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones attempts to drink a Gato..., March Song of the Day, Patricia Highsmith poses with her friend, The Talented Mr. Feline....., Gearing up for Record Store Day, we're stocking the shelves with new, weird, cool and classic records from Forced Exposure in Malden, the coolest distribution company around. Jazz lovers rejoice, we've got MILES DAVIS LIVE, as well as Mingus, Powell, Coltrane, Blakey, Coleman and more. Rock fans, you're not left out: we've got Wire, The Modern Lovers, Big Star, Funkadelic and much much more!, They made their List, we made ours, and now it's your turn! What is everyone most excited for?, March Song of the Day, Thanks to Daily Candy for the shout out to our new cocktail list!, null, Yes, it's March Madness, but you still have to eat. Swing by Tres Gatos between games for a lamb bocadillo, a slice of tortilla, some patatas bravas, and maybe sample one of our new cocktails. Happy hoops!, We could tell you about the Talking Heads Remain in Light, or The Rolling Stones Exile on Main Street, or countless other good records we have in stock....but we think you're more interested in KATY PERRY 'TEENAGE DREAM'....., Jack Kerouac and Jack Kero-cat take a walk through the vinyard together....., March Song of the Day, Tonight's wine flight features three wines from a new Spanish producer called Lavinyeta, located in northeastern Catalonia. The vineyard champions "Integrated Farming," an environmentally friendly cultivation system in which the vines share space with olive trees, wheat cover crop, and chickens. We're featuring a white and two reds. This is a special flight from one of Spain's up and coming vineyards., JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE 'THE 20-20 EXPERIANCE' leads the pack on this, NEW VINYL DAY, along with great wax from James Brown, Talking Heads, Big Star, CCR, Modest Mouse, Jimi Hendrix, the latest from Youth Lagoon, and many many more, plus great new CDs from Rodriguez, Nina Simone, Son Volt and others.......enjoy the beautiful day and check these out!, T-minus one month until all out vinyl mayhem descends on Tres Gatos......, Maybe it's just us, but we think its hard to tell where adorable Gato ends and adorable Paul McCartney begins......., March Song of the Day, Remember to vote for Tres Gatos during this years Munch Madness!, Tonight's sherry flight features three Manzanillas, which is a variety of fino coming from Sanlucar de Barrameda. Typically brighter and more floral than finos from other parts of the Sherry triangle, it was given its name from chamomile tea, "manzanilla" in Spanish. Paired with pinchos chosen by the chef., March Song of the Day, This is a photo of MGMT with some Gatos, and we have to say, it would appear, from the facial expressions and body language, that MGMT had never seen a cat before this photoshoot. Too busy in some lab filled with Tesla Coils and whirring machines writing their next pop-dance classic, no doubt. Cat Pic of the Day., I'm biased. It's true. But if you were in the market for a record, you simply can't do any better than Bruce Springsteen's first album, Greetings from Asbury Park, NJ. Its got the perfect mix of jazz and poetry, and it hints ever so slightly at the superstar to come. This is on vinyl at Tres Gatos....Phil, record store manager., This is a photo of Philip K. Dick and a cat. Or, the cat could not be there. Or, Philip K. Dick could BE the cat. Or Philip K. Dick could be in the cat's imagination. Or......, March Song of the Day, Its new used record day!! That slides off the tongue, doesnt it? We've got a great stock of used records in to cap off a perfect St Paddys weekend, from ROXY MUSIC 'AVALON' to The Beach Boys, The Rolling Stones, Avett Brothers, Manu Chao, Fleetwood Mac, Paul Simon and many more! And for tonight only, all used records at Tres Gatos are 10 percent off!, Try as we might, we couldnt find a good photo of an Irish author with a cat...so we decided instead to post the often intoxicated Charles Bukowski and a roaming, roving Gato on this, St Patricks Day. Have a great one, everybody!, March Song of the Day, VAN MORRISON 'HIS BAND AND STREET CHOIR' on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!! Happy St. Patricks Day weekend., This is Sylvia Plath as a little girl with her pet cat, "Daddy". But what makes this photo really interesting is that I believe the house in the background is her childhood home on Prince Street here in Jamaica Plain. Give us your thoughts., March Song of the Day, MORRISSEY BONA DRAG on import 180 gram vinyl is my personal favorite record we have in stock, says bookstore manager Phil Wilcox, and I hope it finds a good home., From bookseller Caitlin Amaral comes this ominous song of the day for today, The Ides of March. Beware, beware....., Here is a tender moment between what appears to be a bruised and battered but still standing Bjork and a very affectionate Gato. Cat Pic of the Day., In anticipation of a 5 course beer dinner we're planning to offer this spring with North Coast Brewing, we're thrilled to announce that we just added North Coast's Old Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout on draft. At 9% ABV, this is one hell of a stout, with rich, intense flavors and a warming finish that's the perfect antidote to chilly late winter weather. Enjoy!, March Song of the Day, Classic crime novelist Raymond Chandler and his faithful Gato sidekick try to solve the case of the mouse in the wall., Introducing the newest member of the Crosley family, The Crosley Echo, a portable USB turntable with strero sound. We also got some of your favorite Crosley classics in, from the Keepsake Deluxe to the Collegiate. Stop in and check them out!, Thank you to the Thrillist for this great post on our cocktail list!!!, To welcome this sunny, spring-like weather, we've decided to offer a flight of Spanish rosados for tonight's wine flight: Muga, Vetiver, and a lovely Brut Rose from Juve y Camps. All three are refreshing and delicious with food. We hope you'll join us., PULP 'DIFFERENT CLASS' leads the pack on this, NEW RECORD SAY. We've got great vinyl in stock from Arctic Monkeys,Chet Baker, Grateful Dead, Kendrick Lamar, Girl Talk, Dave Brubeck, Ra Ra Riot and many many more!!! Also in stock, the new DAVID BOWIE on CD! We have so many records we're excited about. Stop in and see!, After an all together too long debate about what the best Cranberries song is, here it is, your March Song of the Day, Its hard to tell where Joey Ramone's hair ends and the Gato begins, but there is an adorable kitty in this shot someplace. Cat Pic of the Day, We are sending in order after order for RSD 2013, which promises to be the biggest, craziest vinyl party of the year. 10am on April 20th...we hope to see everyone there., It's Tuesday, which means time for another sherry flight. Tonight, we're featuring three different finos, which owe their clean, dry taste to the protective layer of flor which prevents them from oxidizing while aging. The producers are Grant, Santiago, and Valdespino, and we're pairing them with Speck, Boquerones, and Tarentaise cheese. Enjoy!, GILEAD BY MARILYNNE ROBINSON is the Tres Gatos Book Club Book for this month. We'll be meeting on April 7th at 230pm here at 3cats to discuss the book, and enjoy some coffee, beer and wine too. Other great new titles this week come from authors as diverse as Doris Kearnes Goodwin, Bret Easton Ellis, Haruki Murakami and more!, It turns out that there are DOZENS of photos of Morrissey, the pope of mope and the lead singer of the Smiths, with cats. The Mozzfather loves his Gatos. We choice this one because it looks like the poster for a buddy cop movie where Morrissey and his faithful feline sidekick, Oscar Wilde, solve mysteries. Cat Pic of the Day., March Song of the Day, Thanks to Eater Boston for spreading the word about our spanking new cocktail list! Don't forget, cocktails are allowed -- even welcomed -- back in the book & record store!, Tres Gatos is now serving cocktails! We had a lot of fun creating them -- AND naming them -- and hope you'll enjoy sipping them, before, after, or during your meal. Everything from a Chartreuse Gimlet, to Cherry Simone (featuring Ivison fino and maraschino liqueur), to Floyd (featuring a housemade pomegranate white pepper shrub syrup -- and yes, it's Pink). Enjoy!, Stephen King and a terrified Gato take a trip to the Pet Cemetary...., March Song of the Day, NEW USED RECORD DAY!!!! We've got a great box set of DAVID BOWIE, Portrait of a Star, a 3 LP set that is simply amazing, as well as great titles from Roxy Music, Mr. Bungle, Pink Floyd, Jonsi and more. Stop in and check them out., null, We don't know whats happening here. Robert Smith of the Cure might be about to turn into a bat. The Gato at the bottom of the photo might be about to turn into Robert Smith of the Cure. Whatever it is, its the Cat Pic of the Day., March Song of the Day, ALANIS MORISSETTE 'JAGGED LITTLE PILL' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos, for better or worse. Maybe worse., Book Club is Tommorow!, Having bet, and lost, everything, Mark Twain was forced to put down a tiny Gato as collateral. He's seen here contemplating life, luck and fate; the Gato doubly so., Macrh Song of the Day, FRIGHTENED RABBIT 'PEDESETRAIN VERSE' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and rocks so hard it will BLOW the snow out of your doorway!, March Song of the Day, Keith Moon of the Who is seen here asking his Gato if he knows how to drive., In anticipation of the new Bowie record, we've got one of his classics: SPACE ODDITY on vinyl, at Tres Gatos!, Thanks so much to the Phoenix, and Luke O'Neal, for including us in this list of the most literary bars in Boston!, March Song of the Day, Here is the Cat Pic of the Day, featuring Frank Zappa and a Gato who may or may not be cross-eyed., NEW VINYL DAY!!! At long last, TRAGIC KINGDOM BY NO DOUBT is in stock on vinyl, as well as great wax from The Beatles, Alanis Morrissette, The Cramps, Frightened Rabbitt, Tom Waits, The Lower Dens, The Shins, Miles Davis, Ryan Adams and many more! Stop in and check them out!, Against all odds, She and Him's Zooey Deschanel managed to find a Gato more adorable than she is. Just barely., At some point we had to post a U2 song for March Song of the Day, and why not have it be a song that is, in this humble booksellers opinion, one of the most beautiful love songs ever written? I'll be taking feedback. March Song of the Day, by Phil Wilcox., Please join us tonight for a wine flight featuring the Syrah grape, from three different regions: Nabucco from Yecla, Sotorrondero from Madrid, and Sa Natura from Terra Alta. We guarantee they will warm your blood and lift your spirits!, ALL THE LIGHT THERE WAS BY NANCY KRICORIAN leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY. We've also got great reads in from George Saunders, Spalding Gray, Michael Chabon, Eldridge Cleaver and many more! Come and check it out!, The always regal Freddy Mercury is seen here with two fat bottomed Gatos in todays Cat Pic of the Day, courtesy of the always sassy and classy Caitlin Amaral., March Song of the Day, Local hero Jonathan Richman of the Modern Lovers poses here with a Gato who seems a bit put off. Thanks again to Seth Cannon for his fine snoopery., UNBORED: THE ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO SERIOUS FUN by JOSHUA GLENN AND ELIZABETH FOY LARSEN, is at Tres Gatos, and is a MUST READ, as the days are getting warmer, and longer, and fun is just around the corner., March Song of the Day, NEXT WEEK! Come and see what all the fuss is about. Tres Gatos Book Club., If you like good jazz, you've got to check out TIMELESS by MULATU ASTATKE on vinyl at Tres Gatos. This pops, it shakes, it grooves, and then it repeats the process., From Seth Cannon, one of our very best vinyl customers and the backbone of the Whole Foods in JP, comes our Cat Picture of the Day. Believe it or not, this is Marc Bolan from T. Rex, looking decidedly less glam than usual, especially compared to his dapper Gato friend., Coming from Leigha, our newest bookseller, is this March Song of the Day., Here's infamous chef Marcos Sanchez, and the TV spot that ran on NECN earlier today..., We just got a new order in from our friends at Matador Records, including ATOMS FOR PEACE AMOK, the newest Thom Yorke project. We also got great classic wax in from Pavement, Kurt Vile, Cat Power and Yo La Tengo. Stop by and check it out!!!, March Song of the Day, CELEBES WITH CATS CONTINUES! David Bowie, the singer of "Cat People", proves himself to be a cat person here., We are so excited that URP, one of our very favorite companies, is getting the acclaim they deserve. They are one of the leaders in the industry, and its our great pleasure to get to work with them. Check out their spot on NBC here!, The perfect record for a weekend around the house, BILLIE HOLIDAY SONGS FOR DISTINGUE LOVERS, on stunning 180 gram vinyl at Tres Gatos!, A new post, which we encourage all of you to take part in, is Authors and Musicians with Cats. Our search into this so far has brought up some fun and weird results, and we're sure you have something interesting to contribute too. So, here is Papa, Ernest Hemingway, with a Gato of his own., NEW MONTH, AND NEW THEME: We tried to figure out a perfect theme for March Song of the Day, but in the end, the camps were split. Some people love Irish songs, and some people-noting that Easter falls in March this year-wanted songs by or about bunnies, rabbitts, and hoppin' around. We decided to split the vote, and go with both. So, here it is. Your first March Song of the Day. And as always, if you think we've left something out, send us a message and let us know., For all you blues fans out there, check out CHARLEY PATTON COMPLETE RECORDED WORKS VOL. 1, just out on vinyl from Jack White's Third Man Records. We've got so many great new records we want to talk about-Lucinda Williams "World Without Tears", Television "Marquee Moon", Nina Simone "Wild is the Wind"-and so little time!, The Last Love Song of the Day, MASSIVE HUGE SWEEPING NEW RECORD DAY AT TRES GATOS! Over 40 new vinyls in stock, including OUTKAST SPEAKERBOXX/THE LOVE BELOW, plus Led Zeppelin, Gram Parsons, Billie Holiday, John Lennon, Bob Dylan, Muddy Waters, Nina Simone, The Walkmen, Jay Z, Dr John, Mulatu Astatke and many many more! This is the day to brave the rain and come out and see what Tres Gatos has for you!, Love Song of the Day, Don't let this weather keep you grounded. Join us for a flight of Garnachas tonight: one from Campo de Borja, one from Navarra, and the third from Priorat. Garnacha is a dark grape with light flesh, ranging in style from light and fruity to deep, brooding and intense. Hope you can join us., THE NEW JIM CROW BY MICHELLE ALEXANDER leads the pack on this NEW BOOK DAY, along with great titles from Dick Lehr, Murakami, Rosie Schaap, and more!, Today would've been Johnny Cash's birthday, so the Gatos have to send out a big tip of the hat to the Man in Black, seen here with Un Gato., Former Gato, and neighborhood jazz cat, Dennison Blackett is looking for some help putting together his latest album. Check out the 'Winters Relative" page and see how you can help. And if you haven't seen Dennison play, get out there and watch this guy. He used to play our Hat Night, and he really cooks., LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Tonight's sherry flight features three Olorosos from small producers. Olorosos are exposed to oxygen more than other sherries, lending them their distinctive rich, nutty character. As always, our chef pairs the sherries with tasty pinchos. Hope you can join us!, Deliver a haiku about flamenco to the TG bartender today or tomorrow, and if we judge it the winner, you'll get two free tics to the flamenco show at the Cutler Majestic Theater this Friday! Must be delivered in person, no purchase necessary. Thanks to World Music/CRASHarts for their generosity!, THE SMITHS MEAT IS MURDER on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Its Oscar Sunday, and we've got some great tricks and toys for you folks, starting with the DJANGO UNCHAINED SOUNDTRACK on CD, some great used vinyl from Stevie Wonder, Bruce Springsteen, Neil Young, Joe Tex and more, and if you come in and buy a record tonight tonight, bookstore manager Phil Wilcox will impersonate Jennifer Lawrence AND Jessica Chastain AT ONCE!, love song of the day, THIS IS HAPPENING IN 30 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Tommorow-----the Wishnia Brothers take over Tres Gatos for a discussion on crime, punk rock, New York City, and more. Brave the cold, get some beer, and come on out!, WINTER WEEKEND ALBUM NUMBER TWO-if you're stuck at home, holding your collar against the wind, there are not many records better suited for a cold winter weekend then MULLIGAN MEETS MONK, the 1957 collaboration between Gerry Mulligan and Thelonious Monk., Love Song of the Day, We can't think of a better record to get you through yet ANOTHER stormy winter weekend then HARRY NILSSON'S THE POINT, on 180 gram vinyl and containing original full color comics and storyboards. This and a glass of wine and you won't notice the weather., thank you to the Daily Candy Weekender for the shout out about The Wishnia Brothers reading at Tres Gatos on Sunday!, love song of the day, Tell us your vinyl stories! Tres Gatos wants to hear about your favorite records you've found here, and why. Maybe it was some hot new release title, maybe it was some obscure old jazz or soul or poetry record, but we want to hear about it. Lay down the beats!, NICK CAVE AND THE BAD SEEDS 'PUSH THE SKY AWAY' is at Tres Gatos on CD!, love song of the day, THE CHEMICAL BROTHERS 'EXIT PLANET DUST' leads the pack on this, NEW RECORD DAY, in a shipment that also includes The Beatles, Otis Redding, New Order, Pearl Jam, The Smiths, Gerry Mulligan, Radiohead and many more!, Tonight's wine flight features the famous tempranillo grape. All three of the wines are 100% tempranillo, yet they come from different regions: Dacu from Ribera del Guadiana, Izadi from Rioja, and El Pedrosal from Ribeira del Duero. We hope you can join us!, love song of the day, Sunday Sunday Sunday, come and see the Wishnia Brothers on their Brothers in Crime Book Tour when they stop into Tres Gatos to discuss recent works!!, The Crosley Advance, one of the gorgeous new turntables we got in tonight!, NEW BOOK DAY hits Tres Gatos! We've got HOUSE OF EARTH BY WOODY GUTHRIE, his long lost novel, as well as great reads from Michael Chabon, JD Salinger, Anne Lamott and more! ALSO its NEW TURNTABLE DAY! We've got gorgeous advanced turntables from Crosley, complete with USB drives....stop by and check them out!!, null, For a different perspective on winter, our sherry flight tonight features a fino, a manzanilla, and an oloroso from the producer Santiago. We hope you can join us!, Love Song of the Day, April 20th is creeping towards us....are you ready?, World Music/CRASHarts has kindly offered Tres Gatos 2 free tickets to the Friday March 1 performance of Ballet Flamenco de Andalucia at the Cutler Majestic. Whoever sends us the best flamenco haiku as a response to this post (or to muse3@comcast.net if you're shy) will get those tickets!, If you're interested in knowing more about our near-miss with the asteroid last week, or the explosion in Russia, check out the thrilling, insightful, charming, sometimes morbidly funny and definitely eye opening DEATH BY BLACK HOLE BY NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON and find out what others wonders-and killers-lurk in our neighborhood of space., Tres Gatos sassiest bookseller, Caitlin Amaral, sent this pick in as a Love Song of the Day, and we think SHE was absolutely right., Sunday, March 10th, 230pm, Tres Gatos, null, Its a jazz attack! EIGHT CLASSIC KENNY DORHAM ALBUMS on CD at Tres Gatos for one low price!, Joanna is your bartender tonight, and she chose todays Love Song of the Day. Come in tonight and let her know what you think of it., TOMMOROW!, The intrepid and infamous Chef Marcos Sanches competing in the Fish Throw Down at the Egleston Farmers Market against Irene Li of the Mei Mei Street Kitchen. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by and cheer on our chef!, We are proud of this one: GO BO DIDDLEY, the 2nd album by legendary rocker Bo Diddley and originally released in 1959, is ON 180 GRAM VINYL at TRES GATOS!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Come to the Fish Throw Down tomorrow between Tres Gatos' Chef Marcos Sanchez and Irene Li of the Mei Mei Street Kitchen at the Egleston Farmers Market, starting at 11am. Support a great farmer's market and cheer the Gatos on!, BLUR 'LEISURE' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Randy Susan Meyers will be at Tres Gatos on Sunday at 2pm. She'll be reading and discussing her new book, The Comfort of Lies. We're very thrilled to play host to this vibrant literary voice, and we hope to see you there., 'love' song of the day, Thanks to readers of the Boston Phoenix who nominated Tres Gatos for the Best Spanish/Tapas Restaurant category! We really appreciate your support. Friends of TG, you can vote for us directly from the link below, and thank you!, Thanks to everyone who celebrated Valentine's Day at Tres Gatos (and apologies to those we weren't able to accommodate). We hope that whatever love you brought with you, you left with three times as much. Hope to see you again soon., The Tres Gatos Book Club Book is here!!! For this month, we will be reading Pym by Mat Johnson, and we will be meeting at 230pm on Sunday March 10th to discuss it, as well as drink coffee, tea, wine and beer. The book is on sale in the bookstore, and we'll be making an event soon. Hope to see you all there!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Randy Susan Meyers will be reading at Tres Gatos on Sunday at 2pm. Her new book, The Comfort of Lies, is out today, and we have it at Tres Gatos. We hope to see you there!, NEW RECORD DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! We've got KENDRICK LAMAR 'GOOD KID MAAD CITY', Bo Diddley, Nirvana, Paul Simon, Kurt Vile, X, Michael Jackson, Rilo Kiley and more! Stop in and check them out., LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Thanks so much to everyone who came out tonight... staff, friends, and family. It takes a village and we appreciate every single person who supports us. Amazing! Happy Birthday Tres Gatos, ...and same to Grub Street. We are feeling the love all over Boston. Come in and help us celebrate!, Thanks to Zagat for the write up about our Bday Party!, The clock is counting down to Tres Gatos 2 Year Anniversary Party, tonight from 6 to midnight. Its Mardis Gras themed, so feel free to dress as outlandish as you can. When googlng 'Mardis Gras', alot of odd things come up, but this outfit has to be the best. Remember-free bar bites, 10 percent off everything in the book and record store, TONS of freebies, and a grand time to be had by all. Happy Birthday to us, and to all of you!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Time to paint your faces, Gatos! Not only is tomorrow Mardi Gras, it's our two year anniversary. Join us from 6pm to midnight for free bar bites, lots of great music, record store freebies, vuvuzela-blowing, etc. Costumes welcome. With love and gratitude from the entire TG team., Love Song of the Day, RANDY SUSAN MEYERS will be at Tres Gatos celebrating and discussing the release of her book, The Comfort of Lies, on Sunday February 17th. The book is being released this Tuesday. BUT, if you're dying for something great to read, check out Randy's previous book, The Murderer's Daughter, which won the 2011 Massachussetts Book Award for "Must Read Fiction", and is currently on sale at Tres Gatos., Love Song of the Day, The Tres Gatos Book Club will happen, as scheduled, tommorow at 230pm at Tres Gatos. The book is Jennifer Haigh's Faith. If you're hard up for something good to read in this blizzard wasteland, the bookstore at Tres Gatos is open and fully stocked, with great titles including Faith and Jennifer's new book, The News From Heaven., Love Song of the Day, Tres Gatos is dug out, and will be ready to serve our fabulous neighborhood at 5:30 tonight. Save your canned food for the next storm and come in and enjoy some hot tapas and great company. Thanks everyone for your support! The TG team., Tres Gatos thanks all the brave souls who braved the storm to come and see us tonight! We will be shutting down at 10pm tonight and will return tommorow with regular dinner service. Stay warm everyone!, Tres Gatos regular David Peterson recommended this one for a Love Song of the Day, and it works twice as well given thats it all about Gatos. Thanks, David!, Get your BLIZZARD BUZZ ON. Tonight at Tres Gatos, get a draft beer and a Fernet Branca neat for just 8 dollars!!! Its cold out there, and to fight this storm, you'll need courage and stregnth. Fernet Branca can help. While you're here, make sure to ask the DJ to play your favorite snow day records!, This is the back cover of SONGS OF LEONARD COHEN on vinyl. This is, to me, simply the most essential snow record of all time, beating out Nick Drake and Van Morrison by a hair. All of the above are records we have in stock. If you're within walking distance of the book and record store, we're staying open tonight, so come by and pick up the Perfect Record for Your Blizzard.-Phil, bookstore manager, Cats aren't afraid of snow! We're going to do our best to stay open for dinner service tonight, so if you need a bite of hot food, and some red wine to warm your blood, please stop by. We will post here if for some reason we are forced to close. Happy snow day!, Truly a legend....RIP to one of the greats., Thanks to Dan McCarthy and the UrbanDaddy Weekender for posting about our upcoming 2 year anniversary party, Tuesday February 12th!, This is going to some storm this weekend. Break out the turntable and spend some time watching the snow fall with some great vinyl; Tres Gatos is thinking this is going to be a LUCINDA WILLIAMS 'WEST' kind of weekend, even better on clear vinyl as part of Lost Highway Records 10th Anniversary., Love Song of the Day, THE LUMINEERS WINTER EP leads the pack on this, NEW RECORD DAY. We also got great wax in from Local Natives, Nina Simone, U2, Ray Lamontagne, Jim James, Eric Burdon, The Head and the Heart and many many more.....stop in and see!, Tres Gatos regular Dan Crocker recommended this as a Love Song of the Day, and its a personal favorite, as bookstore manager Phil Wilcox and wine director Keith Harmon were AT this show., We're flattered and honored to be on the Eater's list of the 12 hottest brunches in Boston!, Tonight's wine flight features three reds from Vina Pedrosa in Ribera del Duero. This bodega grows mostly tinto fino (tempranillo), with a little cabernet, and that's what's featured in these wines, from the youthful "El Pedrosal," to the full and intense "Reserva." Hope you can join us., We love this little write-up about Tres Gatos Brunch!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, CYNDI LAUPER A MEMOIR by the woman herself leads the pack on NEW BOOK DAY. Also in stock, great titles from Sherman Alexie, Mary Roach, Charles Bukowski, Julian Barnes, Tracy Kidder, Erik Larson and more. Stop in and check them out!, The countdown has begun: in a week, Tres Gatos turns two, and we're having a big party! Join us for free bar bites, lots of great Mardi Gras music, vuvuzela-blowing, and general merriment. Tuesday the 12th, 6pm to midnight, hope to see you there, beads and costumes welcome!, Tonight's sherry flight features three Palo Cortados. This is what is produced when a sherry intended for a fino or amontillado loses its flor unexpectedly. Our chef has come up with several delicious pinchos to complement these unusual sherries. We hope you can join us., We're thrilled to announce a new friendship with World Music/CRASHarts, an organization which has brought outstanding traditional and contemporary performing arts from around the world to Boston for many years. They've generously offered to extend Tres Gatos fans a discount on tickets to the upcoming Ballet Flamenco de Anadalucia shows. Details below:

*Special offer! Receive 20% off tickets to BALLET FLAMENCO DE ANDALUCÍA, March 1-3 at the Cutler Majestic Theatre, 219 Tremont St., Boston.

TO PURCHASE TICKETS:
ONLINE: www.WorldMusic.org. Select your tickets. Input FLAME20 at the bottom of your shopping cart and click Add Coupon. You instantly save 20% on your Ballet Flamenco de Andalucía tickets!
BY PHONE: Call World Music/CRASHarts at 617-876-4275 Mon.–Fri. 10am–5pm. Mention FLAME20 to receive your discount.
 
*Discount is not valid on previously purchased tickets and cannot be combined with any other offer. Handling fees apply. Subject to availability. Offer expires February 28, 5pm.

Thank you for supporting this fantastic cultural organization!, We've got the cure for the winter blues right here: 'LIFTED, OR THE STORY IS IN THE SOIL, KEEP YOUR EAR TO THE GROUND' by BRIGHT EYES is at Tres Gatos on gorgeous 180 gram double vinyl from Saddle Creek Records!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY(and a tip of the hat to The Ravens), Not having a TV, we won't be watching the Super Bowl tonight at Tres Gatos...we will, however, be throwing a lot of vinyl around. Stop in and (soft) toss us something to play for you., Love Song of the Day, UNKNOWN PLEASURES:INSIDE JOY DIVISION BY PETER HOOK is at Tres Gatos in stunning hardcover which re-creates the classic album cover. A Must Read!, Love Song of the Day, BANKS, the debut LP from PAUL BANKS of INTERPOL, is on vinyl at Tres Gatos and is the perfect album for having a few friends over on a cold Feburary night., Another month, another theme, folks...and we're of course inclined to make it love: good love, bad love, and all the love in between. As always, send in your requests and suggestions. And now, your Love Song of the Day...., null, There is still plenty of time to pick up the Tres Gatos Book Club Book!! Remember, the book club will meet on Sunday, February 10th at 230pm for coffee, wine and a great book discussion., We're proud of this one...The Rolling Stones classic 1966 album "Aftermath" on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl is AT Tres Gatos, after a long search that included a river boat journey, a spooky attic and an epic lightsaber battle. But, at long last, it is here for your listening pleasure., One last Dream Song of the Day....., A shout out to Boston's very own Erin Harpe, who's playing tonight in Memphis at the International Blues Challenge! Best of luck to you, Erin. Can't wait for you to play at Tres Gatos again. We're really proud of you., Our Wednesday wine flight features beautiful reds from famed Lopez de Heredia, from Rioja Alta. The accompanying photo is of one of their spectacular vineyards in the winter. Tonight, we're featuring 2005 Cubillo Crianza, 2003, Bosconia Reserva, and 2000 Tondonia Reserva. We hope you can join us!, ITS NEW RECORD DAY!!! Its also new bookseller Leigha's first night training. We expect nothing less than a stampede of all of our prized regulars, barking orders, requests and insults at her. TORO Y MOI ANYTHING IN RETURN leads the pack, which also includes Jeff Buckley, Al Green, The National, Joy Division, Bright Eyes and more. We can't wait to see you!, DREAM SONG OF THE DAY, JOHN IRVING 'IN ONE PERSON' is finally, at long last, out in paperback and on sale at Tres Gatos!, TENTH OF DECEMBER BY GEORGE SAUNDERS leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY, and also in stock are classics from JM Coetzee, Tom Robbins, Richard Farina, Dorothy Hughes and more! Stop by and check them out!, Tres Gatos is BACK with regular hours tonight, and here is your Dream Song of the Day!, Record Store Day is April 20th, and you best believe we'll be doing it bigger, better and louder than last year. But thats several cold months away, so in the meantime, check this out, and know that it is you, our loyal customers, who have helped us remain one of the last shops standing., Tres Gatos may be closed today, but we're still dreaming about tommorow. Dream Song of the Day., The Gatos will not be cooking today (Monday, 1/28), in order to take care of some equipment maintenance. We'll be open with our regular hours tomorrow. We apologize for any inconvenience., 12 12 12: THE CONCERT FOR HURRICANE SANDY RELIEF is at Tres Gatos on CD. The Robin Hood Foundation will receive 100 percent of the net proceeds from Columbia Records and the artists from the sale of this CD, which features Bruce Springsteen, The Rolling Stones, The Who, Roger Waters, Paul McCartney, Alicia Keys, and more!! Pick up a great record for a great cause!, Dream Song of the Day, Thanks to everyone who joined us for the Super Hunger Brunch event yesterday. We are pleased to announce that we will be sending a big check to the Greater Boston Food Bank this week. Gracias!, Make winter remarkable: pick up a CROSLEY COLLEGIATE turntable, with massive built in speaker, head phone jacks, and USB transfer capabilities, and spice up your January!, Dream Song of the Day, Heat up this cold winter night with some hot jazz: THELONIOUS MONK AND JOHN COLTRANE is at Tres Gatos on vinyl., Join us for the Super Hunger Brunch event tomorrow (special prix fixe menu of $25) and all proceeds will go to the Greater Boston Food Bank! Your loyal support of Tres Gatos throughout the year is what allows us to participate in this and other great fund-raisers, so as always, thank you very much from the whole TG team....., DREAM SONG OF THE DAY, Dream Song of the Day, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, presenting the cure for the winter blues: The Crosley Keepsake USB turntable. This 3 speed turntable has strero speakers, a headphone jack, and USB capabilities, for saving all your favorite vinyl to your computer. Brave the cold and come see for yourself!, A delicious new draft beer at TG: Sassy Rabbit from Tap Brewing Company of Haverill. This is a rye ale with a nice peppery bite. This rabbit will keep you warm!, Join us for the Super Hunger Brunch event this Saturday (special prix fixe menu of $25) and all proceeds will go to the Greater Boston Food Bank! Your loyal support of Tres Gatos throughout the year is what allows us to participate in this and other great fund-raisers, so THANK YOU! The TG team., Chase the cold away with some tapas and a really special wine flight. Tonight, we're featuring three wines from Mustiguillo, located in Valencia. Mestis is a blend, whereas Finca Terrerazo and Quincha Corral are both 100% Bobal, which is a rarity. A great chance to try this varietal, which is native to Valencia., NEW VINYL DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!!! We've got classics and great new vinyl side by side in this order, from THE GRATEFUL DEAD 'WORKINGMAN'S DEAD' to choice cuts from The Beatles, Otis Redding, Johnny Cash, Wilco, Radiohead and more plus new records from Lana Del Rey, New Order, The National, David Byrne......actually, we think you should come in and see for yourself! Fight the cold at Tres Gatos!, Dream Song of the Day, NEW BOOK DAY HITS TRES GATOS!!! Back by popular demand is RIGHT FROM THE GROUND BY JOSE SARAMAGO, along with classics from TC Boyle, Raymond Carver, Joan Didion, Tom Wolfe, Barbara Kingsolver, and many many more! Stop in and check out our stock!, For tonight's sherry flight, we're featuring three delicious sherries from El Maestro Sierra: an amontillado, an oloroso, and an amoroso, each served with a tasty pincho chosen by the chef. Enjoy!, Dream Song of the Day, Tres Gatos has obtained some great classical music and opera on vinyl, ranging from Mozart to Schubert, from Beethoven to Puccini. Come on in and check it out!, Dream Song of the Day, The march of essential winter music continues.....THE MOUNTAIN GOATS SUNSET TREE is here, on vinyl, and is a beautiful record to listen to, and to look at., Tres Gatos says Go Patriots!! Alas, Tres Gatos doesn't have a TV, but if you're pre-gaming, or looking for something to do other than the game, we're having an all day special: our Lamb Bocadillo and any Draft Beer for 12 dollars!! It sounds delicious to us. Also, the book and record store is having a sale til close tonight of 10 percent off all used vinyl. Stop by and see us!, Dream Song of the Day, CROSSING TO SAFETY BY WALLACE STEGNER is essential cold weather reading and is at Tres Gatos in beautiful paperback form. Stop in and pick up a new read for yourself today!, Dream Song of the Day, There is still plently of time to grab the new Tres Gatos Book Club book, Faith by Jennifer Haigh. Its on sale at our bookstore right now!, Just in time for the weekend, some great used vinyl hits Tres Gatos, including PATSY CLINE'S GREATEST HITS. We've also got great wax from Johnny Cash, Miles Davis, Love, Coleman Hawkins, John Martyn and more. Stop in and check it out!, Dream Song of the Day, CHET BAKER SINGS is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and is pretty much the reason we sell vinyl in the first place-amazing music, enjoyed in the way it was meant to be heard, with stunning artwork. Chet is pretty easy on the eyes too., Dream Song of the Day, Thank you to Boston.com for this great write up about our Lamb Bocadillo. We think this little burger really is something special, and its become a favorite among both guests and staff. If you havent tried it yet, it really is unique. Michelle at Boston.com, we're glad you liked it and hope to see you soon!, Pats fans: no, we don't have a TV, but we do have a pretty delicious lamb bocadillo, perfect for a pre-game (or half-time) snack. Pair it with any of our draft beers anytime after 3pm on Sunday for only 12 bucks. Go Pats!, NEW VINYL DAY!!!! THE NATIONAL 'VIRGINIA E.P.' leads the pack in an order that includes great wax from Kendrick Lamar, Built to Spill, Chet Baker, The Beatles, Tame Impala and many many more!!! Pop in and check them out., Our Wednesday wine flight features the varietal Garnacha, known for bringing a bright, mixed berry fruit to wine. This flight gives you a chance to taste Garnacha in wines of varying complexity, from the light Bielsa, to the lovely Mas d'En Compte, which blends Garnacha with Carninena and Cabernet. Enjoy!, Dream Song of the Day, Yes, it's way too early to be thinking about Valentine's Day, but reservations are already rolling in so we thought we'd get the word out. No prix fixe menu, but we'll be adding some special dishes to our regular menu, listening to great music, and in general, having lots of fun., NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos!! We've got the latest from Boston's own Nick Flynn, The Reenactments, plus great works like Erasure by Percival Everett, Life by Keith Richards, Crossing to Safety by Wallace Stegner and classic titles from Charles Bukowski and Tom Wolfe, Hinnen Mankell and Mat Johnson, and many many more. Stop in, have some sherry, and check them out!, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian for this great write-up about our Tuesday night wine flights!, For tonight's sherry flight, we're featuring three finos: one from Ivison, "La Garrocha" from Bodegas Grant, and "Ynocente" from Valdespino. As always, we pair the sherries with pinchos that bring out those singular sherry notes., DREAM SONG OF THE DAY, THE NEW PHONE BOOK IS HERE!!! THE NEW PHONE BOOK IS HERE!!! and by phone book we mean the latest LP Yo La Tengo LP, Fade, on vinyl and CD. Stop by Tres Gatos and pick one up!, YO LA TENGO FADE is IN HOUSE on CD and vinyl. The record is released tommorow, and you can pre-order it here by sending us a message. Also from our good friends at Matador, we've got great new wax in stock from Girls, Glasser, AC Newman, Magic Kids and more, as well as classic back-catalogue wax from the band of the moment, Yo La Tengo. We're pumped!, Thank you to the folks at Ula Cafe for coming out last night. The private party was absolutely wonderful. There was drinking, dancing, spinning of records, Secret Santas and Yankee Swaps, and we were delighted to host them. Ula Cafe provides amazing coffee and pastries to a greatful JP, and we hope to see all of them-and all of you-soon!, Its almost sixty degrees in Jamaica Plain on this gorgeous day, and its making all of us at Tres Gatos feel like dancing, drinking, and doing a bit of wind-mill guitar. With that in mind, stop by and pick up the legendary QUADROPHENIA by THE WHO on vinyl tonight and do your best Pete Townsend impression in the shop!, Dream Song of the Day, ROBERT JOHNSON 'KING OF THE DELTA BLUES SINGERS' is essential winter music, and its at Tres Gatos on vinyl., Dream Song of the Day, Tres Gatos will be closed tonight for a private party, but the book and record store will be open until 10pm if you're looking for that hard to find vinyl or must-read novel. We'll be back with regular service tommorow!, COGAN'S TRADE BY GEORGE V.HIGGINS, the legendary Boston crime author (Friends of Eddie Coyle) and the basis for the new film "Killing Them Softly" with Brad Pitt, is in stock at Tres Gatos and is a perfect pulp read for a January afternoon., We introduced some beer lovers to Portico Brewing Co.'s Fuzzy Logic last month. Now we're proud to announce the arrival of Sett Seven, Portico's take on a Scotch Ale. Malt forward, with a delicious toasted caramel flavor. A must try, perfect for curing the mid-winter blues!, DREAM SONG OF THE DAY, BRIGHT EYES 'LETTING OFF THE HAPPINESS'. Ryan Adams 'Follow the Lights'. Iron and Wine 'Our Endless Numbered Days'. Essential winter music is on vinyl at Tres Gatos., Dream Song of the Day, Back by popular demand, its Dear Life by Alice Munro, in glorious hardcover at Tres Gatos!, Dream Song of the Day, Tres Gatos wants to know: what were some of your favorite records of the last year? Why? Did you pick them up at Tres Gatos?Tell us your thoughts and opinions!, null, VINYL MANIA STRIKES TRES GATOS!!! We've got a new bundle of great new wax for you, ranging from MORPHINE CURE FOR PAIN, to great titles from The Head and the Heart, Marvin Gaye, Johnny Cash, Civil Wars, Fugazi, Bright Eyes and more. On the used vinyl front, we've got some key records from Bob Marley, Woody Guthrie, Funkadelic, Bob Dylan, Madonna and more.....stop in and check them out!!!!, dream song of the day, For our Wednesday wine flight, we're featuring three wines from D. Ventura, a winemaker located in the rugged Ribeira Sacra ("sacred shore") region of Galicia. All three wines are 100% Mencia, yet come from different vineyards with different microclimates. This is a great chance to taste how a varietal can express itself differently as a result of terroir., A very tongue in cheeck dream song of the day., TURNTABLES RETURN TO TRES GATOS!!! We got a great new order from our friends at Crosley, and are pleased to announce we now have some of our best-selling turntables during the holidays-The Cruiser, The Collegiate, and the Spinerette-back in stock and waiting for you!, Time for another Tuesday sherry flight, this time featuring sherries from the venerable (been around since 1838) Bodega Gutierrez Colosia. Their wine cellars have cathedral-like ceilings, which help expose the wines to the unique Puerto microclimate that brings these sherries to life. Tonight, we're tasting "El Cano" fino, "Sangre y Trabajadero" oloroso, and "Moscatel Soleado," each paired with a distinctive pincho. Enjoy!, This is a little bit of Boston music history, and we're pleased to say its on vinyl at Tres Gatos: Berlin Airlift, the 1982 album featuring JP's own Rick Berlin, is essential listening to any local music fan. What a find., Dream Song of the Day (coming again from the brilliant mind of Dan Crocker), IRIS DEMENT 'SING THE DELTA' is her first album of new material in 16 years; it appeared in November, and has steadily been finding a home among the playlists at the Cats. We love it and think its essential winter music., Dream Song of the Day., Dont forget, the Tres Gatos Book Club is tommorow at 3pm!, JOSH RITTER 'SO RUNS THE WORLD AWAY' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl, with CD included. Its a gorgeous record, and makes us think of warm days and sangria on our patio., Dream Song of the Day, Thanks to Vee Vee for a fantastic meal tonight: crispy shiitake mushrooms, roasted chicken breast, a delicious pinot noir, and a rich chocolate panna cotta for dessert. Absolutely delicious. If you haven't checked this place out, you should -- it's a real gem, and it's in JP, which many of us contend is the best neighborhood in Boston. dd, YOUTH LAGOON 'YEAR OF HIBERNATION' is essential cold weather music, and we have it on vinyl at Tres Gatos., Dream Song of the Day, Don't let winter bog you down. Join us for a glass or two of wine and try some of our new dishes, including Tostones with lime crema, Ham & Cheese Croquetas with mornay sauce, Confit Chicken with a piquillo agra dulce, and a Lima Bean Salad with peppadews and smoked duck. Come on winter, bring it on!, Record store manager Phil Wilcox has a new fave book in stock: "The Holy or the Broken: Leonard Cohen, Jeff Buckley, and the Unlikely Ascent of Hallelujah" by Alan Light, a song about one of the most beautiful songs of all time, and more importantly, why some songs change our lives and why., Dream Song of the Day, Look at our very own Keith Harmon in the NYE issue of the Boston Phoenix! He's becoming our resident celebrity., The Tres Gatos Book Club meets this Sunday to discuss I Am Not Sidney Portier by Percival Everett at 3pm. The book is entertaining, engaging and will have you laughing out loud, and it is for sale in the bookstore at Tres Gatos!, NEW YEAR, NEW STUFF. Tres Gatos just got some restocks in, and we're excited to see this stuff hit the shelves. From new vinyl from NINA SIMONE, Leonard Cohen, Cat Power, The Clash and more, to great new reads from Hilary Mandel, Sarah Waters, Junot Diaz, and more, we've got it all here at Tres Gatos. Come and find the perfect thing to make your winter a little brighter., Its a new year, its a new month, and we've got a new theme folks, this one coming from among the best and brightest, Dan Crocker of the Tres Gatos Book Club. In honor of MLK Day, January is "Dream Month"; songs about dreams, and dreamers. If you have any ideas or request, send them in to the nearest Gato. And away we go...., Our first wine flight of 2013 features three fantastic reds from Rioja: 2007 Malpuesto, 1991 Ontanon Gran Reserva, and 2000 Tondonia Gran Reserva. You will rarely if ever find these available by the glass -- this is a great chance to sample the very best of Rioja. Happy New Year!, Happy New Year to all of our wonderful guests, especially our loyal regulars. You keep us company, you share your passion for great food, drink, books and music, you push us to be better, you keep us laughing, you make all the hard work easier -- in short, you make it all worthwhile. Felicidades! Fondly, the Tres Gatos team., We all made it through a long year, and now the time has come to party. At Tres Gatos, it all begins at 11pm and goes til 1am. We will be pouring Cava by the bucketfull, twistin' the night away, toasting the year that was, and most importantly, all of you, our supporters. We'll count down to 2013 with glasses full and heels a-clickin'. We hope to see you there!, DECEMBER SONG OF THE DAY, Time to turn the clock forward to another year, and we at Tres Gatos invite you to join us for a party from 11pm til 1am tommorow, on New Years Eve, to help us ring in 2013. We'll be spinning hits, pouring Cava, loosening our ties, moving and grooving, and we want all our loyal friends and fans to be there. Help us jump into the future., HANK WILLIAMS 'TIMELESS', a tribute album on limited edition clear vinyl to celebrate the 10th Anniversary of Lost Highway records. This is perfect cold weather music, and we think the track listing speaks for itself. Now at Tres Gatos., December Song of the Day, Today's brunch tortilla features peppadew and shishito peppers, served with our regular aioli. Served from 10am to 2pm., THE VINYL FAIRY VISITED US AGAIN! We've got some great used wax in stock from THE ROLLING STONES, Bob Dylan, David Bowie, The Four Tops, The Temptations and more!, Looking for the perfect winter soundtrack? Look no further than Nick Drake's Demo Collection, volume 1 and 2, available at Tres Gatos on vinyl. These bootlegs and lost sessions include such Drake classics as 'Fly', 'Day is Done', 'Saturday Sun',  and 'Hazy Jane' and are perfect for coffee in the breakfast nook on a cold Saturday morning. Stop by and pick one up!, December Song of the Day, Fortify yourself with brunch before playing in the snow today. Our special BRUNCH tortilla today features anchovies, a pea green salad and garlic aioli. Brunch served from 10am to 2pm., Starting at around 11pm on New Year's Eve, the Gatos take off the gloves and let the party begin. We'll be drinking Cava, spinning all the hits fit to print, shaking our cat tails and ringing in the New Year. Join us, won't you? Party goes til 1am., We're in the dog days of 2012, and the days are getting cold. But there is an upside: Theres time enough to read all those books you wanted to. At Tres Gatos, we're recommending reads by John Cheever, Philip K Dick, Howard Norman, Michael Chabon, James M. Cain, Nevil Schute and many more, all of them in stock in our bookstore and all of them guarenteed to keep you warm on the cold winter nights ahead., December Song of the Day, Over the holiday, alot of folks got brand new turntables and now must begin the task of building their record colelctions. Tres Gatos can help!! Start with the classics: The Velvet Underground and Nico, The Beach Boys Pet Sounds, the Beatles Revolver, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan, and many more vinyl classics are at Tres Gatos, waiting for you!, Tres Gatos hopes you had a lovely holiday, and is pleased to announce we're back! We will be open regular hours tonight, serving up your favorite tapas, wines, beers, records, books, and more. We're rested and ready! And we'd like to thank everyone who came out and did their holiday shopping at Tres Gatos. We hope that everyone got the perfect book, vinyl, CD or turntable, and that it was a merry affair. As always, thanks for your support!, DECEMBER SONG OF THE DAY, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, SURPRISE. Even Santa needs some help, sometimes. Tres Gatos will be open at 11am today to help you get that last special present before the holiday. The restaurant will be open from 3pm til 7pm to get your belly good and full for your trip. Happy Holidays everyone!, NO NEED TO PANIC!!! Tres Gatos will be open at 11am tommorow to serve all of your last minute Holiday Shopping Needs. We've got books, vinyls, CDs, turntables, and more, and we'll be spinning all the hits as Santa prepares his sleigh........, AMY WINEHOUSE AT THE BBC is at Tres Gatos on CD. This collection showcases classic Winehouse live recordings from the mid 2000's, as well as several TV appearences, including on Later With Jools Holland. It is a must for any die-hard Winehouse fan and a great holiday present., Holiday Song of the Day., DARK WAS THE NIGHT, featuring exclusive original material by Feist, Cat Power, The National, The Arcade Fire, Spoon, My Morning Jacket and many more, is at Tres Gatos and is the PERFECT gift for the vinyl hound on your list., Holiday Song of the Day, New on our brunch menu: Chorizo French Toast, with crispy chorizo and maple syrup -- the perfect marriage of salty and sweet. Brunch hours are 10am to 2pm Saturday and Sunday., Don't let the shopping zombies get you! Have a relaxing brunch at Tres Gatos either Saturday or Sunday, 10am to 2pm, and enjoy a 10% discount at our book and record store. Happy Holidays! Gift Card Available too!, NEW TURNTABLES HIT TRES GATOS!!! Crosley Collegiates, Spinerettes, Deluxe Keepsakes and more, perfect for ripping your vinyls onto your computer via USB, with speakers built in. These make a lovely Holiday Present and we've got a whole new shipment in here at Tres Gatos, as well as great new wax from Nina Simone, The Lemonheads, Van Morrison, Dave Brubeck, and many more!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., Thanks to Kara and Grub Street Boston for their generous shout out to some of the great little restaurants in town. We really appreciate the gesture!, FROM THE VINYL VAULTS comes everything you'll need for your holiday shopping this year....we've got great used records from PINK FLOYD, Led Zeppelin, Bob Dylan, The Rolling Stones, The Grateful Dead, Neil Young, David Bowie and many many more are at Tres Gatos right this very moment! Stop by and see them!, Via Carla Gray, here is your Holiday Song of the Day, PRESERVATION KITCHEN COOKBOOK BY PAUL VIRANT is at Tres Gatos and is a gorgeous-and delicious-addition to your collection., HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., NEW STUFF DAY!!!! We've got great new vinyl records in from Modest Mouse, Beach Boys, Vampire Weekend, Mumford and Sons, Bob Marley, New Order and more....great new CDs from Rodriguez, Bob Dylan, Wilson Pickett, Run DMC and more, and fantastic new books from Hilary Mantel, John Cheever, Cormac McCarthy and more!! See ya there!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., Tonight's flight features 3 Moscatels, which are on the sweeter side and pair fantastically with chocolate almonds, vanilla ice cream, fresh fruit, or a blue cheese. If you've shied away from trying dessert wines, this is your chance to be surprised., Beer lovers: Fuzzy Logic has landed in JP! TG is proud to announce that we are the first in JP to carry this magnificent beer from local Portico Brewing Company, on draft, no less. Portico is currently brewing at Watch City, but hope to establish their own permanent home in the Boston area. Fuzzy Logic is their take on Kolsch, a traditional beer from Cologne, Germany. They use a touch of German hops and Belgian yeast, giving this beer a lovely floral nose. On the palate it's citrusy, with just the right touch of bitterness. Help us spread the word about this amazing new brewery!, FROM THE VINYL VAULTS comes some exciting used vinyl to Tres Gatos. Including, but not limited to, Otis Redding, Jimmy Cliff, Little Richard, The Beach Boys, Ravi Shankar and many many more. Stop in and give it a look!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, PET SHOP BOYS 'ELYSIUM' is at Tres Gatos on vinyl and CD!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, DONT WORRY!!! There is still plenty of time to find the perfect holiday gift at Tres Gatos. Whether you're looking for a great new book, a first edition, a new or used vinyl, a turntable, or more, Tres Gatos has your back. Stop in, grab a glass of wine, and stop worrying, Charlie Brown., ONE LAST THING BEFORE I GO BY JONATHAN TROPPER is at Tres Gatos in stunning hardcover!!!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., Our BRUNCH holiday special is now on! Join the Gatos for brunch this weekend or next (10am to 2pm) and get 10% off any purchase at the book & record store. Happy Holidays!, We got a new order in from MERGE RECORDS tonight, featuring Tracey Thorn's new album, Tinsel and Lights, as well as classics from She and Him, Arcade Fire, Magnetic Fields, Wye Oak, Archers of Loaf, Destroyer and more!!!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, Looking for the perfect holiday gift? Look no further then the Crosley Spinerette, a fantastic portable turntable from Crosley, featuring built in speakers, and a USB for ripping your favorite vinyls onto your computer!!!!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., If you like BRUNCH, and you still have some holiday shopping to do, join us at Tres Gatos this weekend or next for brunch and we'll treat you to a 10% discount on all purchases made at the book and record store during brunch hours, which are 10am to 2pm Saturday and Sunday. Melt your stress away with a cava cocktail, and thanks for supporting your local stores. Happy Holidays from the TG team!, NEW RECORD DAY!!! We've got some real classics in stock....TELEVISION MARQUEE MOON, for one. Also, great new wax from Miles Davis, The Who, Cut Copy, Morphine, Gary Clark Jr., The Walkmen and many many more! Not to mention LED ZEPPELIN CELEBRATION DAY on CD. Stop in and say hello!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, Our Wine Flight tonight features reds from the famous Priorat region, known for its  volcanic soil, rugged landscape, low yields, and delicious, high quality wines. We're featuring wines from Celler Cal Pla, Familia Nin-Ortiz, and Clos Erasmus. Enjoy!, NIRVANA-ALMOST EVERYTHING...one of our gorgeous new bootleg records....BBC sessions, B-sides, live cuts and more. Stop in and take a look!, NEW VINYL DAY!!! We've got new records in stock from TOM PETTY, The Smiths, Nirvana, Echo and the Bunnymen, Talking Heads, Eric Burdon and the Animals, Jimmy Smith, The Fall, Pulp, The Cure and many more!!! Its also NEW BOOK DAY, with fantastic reads in stock from Michael Chabon, Nathan Englander, Charles Dickens, Dave Eggers, Caitlin Moran and many more! Come enjoy Holiday Shopping with wine in hand and a playlist of your choosing!, Holiday Song of the Day, Tonight's Sherry Flight features the famous Bodega Valdespino, which has been making sherry since 1264! We're offering the Ynocente Fino, the Deliciosa Manzanilla (both on the dry side) and the intense, jammy Candado PX with olives, pepitas and Valdeon cheese. Enjoy!, RUN DMC 'YOU BE ILLIN'' on gorgeous 45 RPM vinyl has found its way into our shop...sadly, sans dictionary of rap, but we think you folks are streetwise enough to not need the book., HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, We're excited about two new seafood dishes on our menu: Calamari Noodles with black tomato sauce, crispy tentacles and celery heart; and Monk Fish Croquetas with uni sauce and Eva's wild greens! PEI mussels are also back on the menu., One of the wonders of this job is all the cool stuff you can find, or that finds you. Cool things drift in and out of the shop, and we need to celebrate them more. Look at this copy of the Little Prince from 1943! Its gorgeous, its in French, and it contains a touching dedication:"To Horace Rowe, with affectionate greetings at Christmastime, from Jane Hawkins, 1944'. This is a treasure., HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY., SURPRISE NEW VINYL DAY! We got a secret package in from our friends at URP including, but not limited to, LOVE 'FOREVER CHANGES' on 180 gram vinyl, Serge Gainsbourg, Sugarhill Gang, Velvet Underground, Chet Baker, D'Angelo, Gil Scott Heron, Primal Scream, Girl Talk and more. Come by and check out this great new wax!, HOLIDAY SONG OF THE DAY, null, I AM NOT SIDNEY POITIER BY PERCIVAL EVERETT is the TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB BOOK. The book club will meet at Table 2 on Sunday. January 6th at 3pm for wine, coffee and a book discussion what we hope is a fantastic book!, JP's own Debo Band find themsevles on NPR's list of the 50 best records of the year, and we wanna say we're thrilled. The Debo Band are adventurous and unique and we're flattered to have hosted an event for them some months ago. We think you should all pick up this exciting record., CHRISTMAS BY LOW is one of the great Holiday Vinyls we have in stock for your listening pleasure. This EP of the classic Duluth, Minnesota band was a gift to their fans in 1999, and its our gift to you in 2012. Come give a listen!, holiday song of the day., Tres Gatos presents the art of Paul DeRuvo for this First Thursday. Paul is a JP native, a graduate of Mass College of Art, and has a unique vision that should be celebrated. I think the artist himself says it best:
 
"Through the devotional act of rendering and the craft of fine printing I am looking to reclaim a part of the history of representation and find expression beyond my own personal life to create a shared moment of compassion.", We got a great little order in from our friends at Forced Exposure in Medford, truly one of the coolest distributors around. JOHN CALE 'PARIS 1919' leads the charge in a shipment that includes Bukka White, Rodriguez, John Fahey, Parliament, Aretha Franklin and more. Stop in and check it out!!!, another great Holiday Song of the Day from Dan Crocker!, NEW VINYL DAY!!!! This week we've got amazing new vinyl in from Rodriguez, Rage Against the Machine, Gaslight Anthem, Cocteau Twins, Dr John, My Morning Jacket and more, as well as superb used vinyl from our Capital Vault, including the Rolling Stones, Eric Clapton, Jerry Garcia, Roxy Music and more. Stop by and give it a spin!!!, Tonight's wine flight features three delicious reds from Ontanon, a family-run winery located in the famous Rioja region. These wines, including a truly remarkable Reserva from 1991, feature tempranillo, a varietal that has been grown on the Iberian peninsula since the Phoenicians. Enjoy!, Tres Gatos sends out a big RIP to the man, the legend, Dave Brubeck., It's time for another Sherry Flight at Tres Gatos! Tonight, we're chasing away the chill with three different types of Pedro Ximenez, which represent the sweeter, full-bodied side of the sherry spectrum. We're pairing these delicious sherries with chocolate almonds, vanilla ice cream, and Valdeon, the famous Spanish blue. Enjoy!, A CLOCKWORK ORANGE BY ANTHONY BURGESS: 50TH ANNIVERSAY COLLECTION is one of the great new books we got on this, NEW BOOK DAY. Also in stock: End of Your Life Book Club by Will Schwalbe, Telegraph Avenue by Michael Chabon, In The Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson, and many many more!, holiday song of the day., GARY CLARK JR. 'BLAK AND BLU' is on CD at Tres Gatos and is one of the hottest new albums of the year!, holiday song of the day, BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND!!! The Crosley CR-40 in black!!!, Tres Gatos will be closed tonight for a private party from 6pm to 10pm, but the book and record store will be open until 10pm, for those of you who want to get a jump on holiday shopping, or dance to Prince with Phil, our vinyl man., Coming from Dan Crocker, here is a great Holiday Song of the Day. Send in your requests people!, Tres Gatos Book Club is coming up in a few short moments! Dust off your copy of the Leftovers and head down to Tres Gatos for wine, beer, coffee and a great book discussion., Some recent arrivals on vinyl at Tres Gatos, courtesy of our friends at Matador and Sub Pop records.....THE PRODIGY 'FAT OF THE LAND'...Scott Walker's newest "Bish Bosh"....Beachwppd Sparks 'Tarnished Gold'....Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti "Mature Themes".....Sera Cahoone "Deer Creek Canyon"....Niki and the Dove "Instinct"...and many many more! Stop by and check them out!, And so it begins. We're doing Holiday Song of the Day. We're gonna try to stay off the beaten path and feature cool winter music from cool musicians, and as always, any suggestions you have you should send to the Gatos so we can post them, and give you credit!! Happy December!, Brunch fans: our special tortilla for the day features shimeji mushrooms. Book and record store is open all day for your holiday shopping convenience. Happy December!, Join in the revolution!, We just received a huge order of our best selling turntables as we round the corner into the thick of the holiday shopping season. Theyre all here-the CR40, the Collegiate, the Cruiser, and more....and introducing, new to Tres Gatos, the Crosley Deluxe Keepsake USB turntable, complete with built in speakers, RCA outputs, and a headphone jack. Truly a thing of beauty., The (Last) Bird Song of the Day., MOGWAI 'A WRENCHED VIRILE LORE' leads the pack as we get a surprise order in from Sub Pop Records. We got essential stuff from Fleet Foxes, Beach House, Father John Misty, Beachwood Sparks, Niki and the Dove and many more. Stop by and see!, EXILE ON MAIN STREET BY THE ROLLING STONES is at Tres Gatos on stunning 180 gram vinyl. This is simply a Must-Own for all rock and roll fans. And we arent the only ones who think so. In 2007, the National Association of Recording Merchandisers (NARM) and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame placed the album #6 on the "Definitive 200" list of albums that "every music lover should own".Get the vinyl fan on your holiday list a peice of rock and roll history., Bird Song of the Day, Live music fans, the final hurdle before getting our live entertainment license is fast approaching. Our hearing at City Hall is December 11, and we would GREATLY appreciate a letter of support. Our goal is to provide several great shows every month, most of them without a cover. If you'd like to write a letter, please address to the Licensing Board and send to muse3@comcast.net. Thanks for supporting local music!, NEW RECORD DAY, essential restock holiday edition. We've got some MUST HAVE for the wax hounds on your list, including choice cuts from Adele, Bon Iver, Amy Winehouse, Fleet Foxes and more, as well as some classics from The Rolling Stones, Sam Cooke, Otis Redding, Townes Van Zandt and more. Get a leg up on the holiday shopping tonight!, LOUISE ELDRICH'S THE ROUND HOUSE just won the National Book Award, and we've got it in stock at Tres Gatos, along with great new books from Pat Barker, Junot Diaz, and Emma Donoghue, classics from Abbie Hoffman, Keith Haring, Richard Farina, and many more great titles on this, NEW BOOK DAY., bird song of the day., Our noble bookseller Caitlin Amaral works at the Boston Common Hotel during the day. She brought a brand new Crosley Cruiser turntable to work with her today, along with some choice Gato-approved cuts. We encourage everyone working in an office day or night to Bring Your Vinyl to Work!, Wednesday is Wine Flight night at Tres Gatos, and tonight, we're featuring three lovely and distinctive wines (white, rose and red)  from the tiny Bodega Los Bermejos on Lanzarote, one of the Canary Islands. The photo suggests what unusual terroir this is. Hope to see you tonight!, Bird Song of the Day, Warm up tonight with a Sherry Flight at Tres Gatos! This week we're featuring Oloroso sherry, which is darker and nuttier than Fino. We're pairing the sherries with some lovely pinchos. Enjoy!, Looking for the perfect gift for the book worm on your list? Tres Gatos has gorgeous first edition and vintage books in stock, most for below $15, from William S Burroughs, Graham Greene, Paul Auster, Ian McEwan, George Orwell, John Updike, Tom Wolfe and many many more! Stop by on this chilly night and check them out!, If you're looking for a festive place for your holiday party, we hope you'll consider Tres Gatos! The Chef's Table is great for larger groups, and the book & record store is a perfect place for holiday shopping. Please call or email us (amanda@tresgatosjp.com) for more details., M83 'REUNION REMIXES' is one of the great Black Friday items we still have left in stock, along with great titles from Jeff the Brotherhood, Toro Y Moi, The Lumineers, Mayer Hawthorne, Miles Davis, Johnny Cash and many more. Stop by and check them out!, Bird Song of the Day, Still in stock from the Black Friday Sale, we've got gorgeous pre-drilled, easy to assemble LP crates, which hold up to 100 LPs and are cool additions to your living room. These crates can also be used as wine racks, toy boxes, coffee tables, book shelves, or a million other things. Ask in at Tres Gatos about the crates! And thank you to everybody who came out to support us on Small Business Saturday., BIRD SONG OF THE DAY, Dont forget-tommorow is Small Business Saturday. Get out and about in JP and celebrate our vibrant local business culture, and stop by Tres Gatos for some amazing scrambled eggs, a Kava cocktail, a fantastic vinyl record from artists ranging from the Beatles to The Roots, or a book by Hemingway, Chabon, or even ol' E.L. James. We'll see you there., BLACK FRIDAY CONTINUES. We've got great Christmas records from Phil Spectre, Low, and more, great Beatles LP, record store day titles from Johnny Cash, Quentin Tarantino, Miles Davis, Toro Y Moi and more, and fantastic deals on hardcovers, turntables and first edition books until 11pm tonight! Stop by!!!, Look at our fancy spread in the weekender section of Urban Daddy!, Belated Thanksgiving Song of the Day, Less than two hours until the Tres Gatos Black Friday Sale! We've got books and records all over the bar, all over the entire space, and great turntables and LP crates too. And if you cant make it out today, dont forget tommorow is Small Business Saturday and we will be here, spinning all the hits, serving all the brunch...., Don't forget that Saturday is Small Business Saturday. Those of you who can't make it out to our epic Black Friday Sale should come by Saturday for brunch, for books, for records, and to celebrate the vibrant small business community we have here in JP! Thank you for your continued support!, The hours are ticking down til the Sale of the Century, and our street team has been all over JP hanging up flyers, so prepare, gather your stregnth and courage, and we'll see you on the beach...er, at Tres Gatos, noon on Friday., Bird Song of the Day, We can't tell which we're more excited about-the new order of books we got in today, including LIFE OF PI, great works by Zadie Smith, Norman Mailer, Hilary Mantel, Paul Harding, Bill Clinton and more, or the vinyl order from Red Eye Distributors, featuring Amon Tobin, Elliot Smith, Sleater Kinney, Sharon Jones and more. Not to mention a mess of used records, from London Calling to Indian folk songs. Nows the time to check out Tres Gatos., Bird Song of the Day, Only a few days and a lot of turkey stand between now and the Tres Gatos Black Friday Sale, an epic sale on rare and limited vinyl, used classics, hardcover and first edition books, turntables, box sets and more. Noon on Friday, stop in and see it for yourself., AVETT BROTHERS 'I AND LOVE AND YOU' is one of the amazing USED VINYL we've got in stock recently. For your listening pleasure, we've also got great used wax from M83, The Beatles, Creedence, The Band, Aretha Franklin, Preservation Hall Jazz Band, and many many more. For great vinyl at a great price, check out Tres Gatos!, Bird Song of the Day, THE ART FORGER BY B.A. SHAPIRO is in gorgeous paperback at Tres Gatos!!!, Bird Song of the Day, TIJUANA MOODS BY CHARLES MINGUS is in stock on vinyl at Tres Gatos, along with all the Kenny Dorham, Stan Getz, Lee Morgan and Gerry Mulligan you'll ever need. Tres Gatos is your one stop shop for jazz., We're excited about a new beer on our list: Thanksgiving Ale by Mayflower Brewing Co. in Plymouth. An inspired blend of two brewing styles, American Strong Ale and English Old Ale, this is a full-bodied brew that features a touch of caramel, vanilla, and yes, spicy nuts. Enjoy before, after, and during turkey., Bird Song of the Day., Our special BRUNCH tortilla today features chorizo and a cilantro aioli. This is a delicious twist on our standard dinner tortilla. BRUNCH served SAT and SUN 10am to 2pm., Head over to Streetcar Wines in JP and check out the new Tres Gatos Record of the Week, played on the gorgeous Crosley CR40 turntable. Every week, a new LP will appear at Streetcar for your listening pleasure, and they will be as diverse and eclectic as Streetcar's wines and beers. Let us know what you think!, One week from today, when we swing the doors open at noon, there will be a sale of epic proportions. Limited release records, rare titles new and old, great first edition books, weird freebies, turntables galore, select sale items and The Bealtes on 180 gram vinyl. Come one, come all!!!!, Bird Song of the Day, There is still plenty of time to pick up a copy of the Leftovers and attend the Tres Gatos Book Club on December 2nd......, SWEET TOOTH BY IAN MCEWAN is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover and might be the single greatest means of fighting the cold on this wintery night., BIRD SONG OF THE DAY, Thank you to the Weekly Dig and all the readers who named us Best Tapas in Boston!!!, LEONARD COHEN 'LIVE AT THE ISLE OF WIGHT' leads the pack on this NEW VINYL DAY. We also got great new wax in from The Head and the Heart, the Specials, Jay-Z, Charles Bukowski, Clem Snide, Father John Misty and many more!, Looky looky who just won Best Tapas in the Weekly Dig. We're sending our artisan Chef and our....er...eccentric book and record store manager to collect the prize tonight., Bird Song of the Day, We're pleased as punch to see our own Marcos Sanchez honored as one of Zagat's 30 Under 30. Marcos is a dedicated chef, a great leader, and a fantastic friend, and we're all honored to get to work with him everyday. His absolutely delicious food doesn't hurt either., DEAR LIFE BY ALICE MUNRO leads the pack on this, NEW BOOK DAY!!! We've got great collections like Boston Noir 2 and the New New Journalism, and great titles from Barbara Kingsolver, Ann Patchett, Jim Thompson, George Orwell, Zadie Smith, George Higgins and many many more!, Bird Song of the Day, ROXY MUSIC'S SELF TITLED DEBUT is at Tres Gatos on gorgeous 180 gram vinyl and comes with a gigantic poster of the album cover. You want glam? We've got glam., Bird Song of the Day, Before you watch The Walking Dead tonight, stop by Tres Gatos and pick up the gorgeously gory BOOK ONE by Robert Kirkman!!!, Bird Song of the Day, TOWNES VAN ZANDT 'LIVE AT THE OLD QUARTER, HOUSTON, TEXAS' is one of the all time great cold November albums, and we've got it on vinyl. In fact, we've got the perfect soundtrack for fall turning to winter. Bruce Springsteen "Nebraska", The Lumineers self-titled, Simon and Garfunkel "Parsley, Sage,Rosemary and Thyme", Mississippi Fred McDowell "When I Lay My Burden Down" and many more beautiful discs are waiting at Tres Gatos for you., BIRD SONG OF THE DAY, Two Fridays from now, Tres Gatos will swing its doors open with the sale to end all sales, with limited and rare records, first editions and sale books, freebies, turntables, and so much more. Spare yourself the bright lights and terrible mayhem of the Mall and come please the music junkie or bookworm on your holiday list at Tres Gatos!!!, RICHARD RUSSO'S 'ELSEWHERE:A MEMOIR" is now in stock at Tres Gatos!!!, Bird Song of the Day, Our intrepid owner, David Doyle, continues to hunt the Boston area for the very best in used vinyl. Today, we got a major haul in: David Bowie, Velvet Underground, Rolling Stones, John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Bruce Springsteen and many many more are in stock at Tres Gatos! stop by and see them!, Thank you to the folks at the Boston Phoenix for the great shout-out about our new sherry flights!, Bird song of the day., THE ROLLING STONES 'LIVE IN TEXAS 1978' leads the pack on this chilly NEW VINYL DAY. We've got all the hits, from LCD Soundsystem to Roxy Music, from The Walkmen to the White Stripes, from Flying Lotus to Van Morrison, from Major Lazer to Crystal Castles, and many many more. Brave the cold, pour some wine, and get yourself a great disc for a long winters night., Bird Song of the Day., New Tres Gatos vinyl? We got it. Fela Kuti, Nina Simone, Will Oldham, Art Blakey, Charles Mingus, Howlin' Wolf, Kenny Dorham, Fred McDowell and many more came in tonight, from our good friends at Forced Exposure Distribution in Medford. Check them out!, Introducing the Crosley Advanced, a true audiophile turntable. Made of wood, complete with USB for ripping vinyl to your hard drive, it is a thing of beauty. We also got a restock of the Cruiser, the Collegiate and the Spinerette in tonight., FLIGHT BEHAVIOR by BARBARA KINGSOLVER is in stock at Tres Gatos!!!, 'Nuff said., BIRD SONG OF THE DAY, THE JUNO SOUNDTRACK is IN at Tres Gatos as part of NEW VINYL MONDAY. Also in, Built to Spill, the Roots, Ornette Coleman, The Jesus and Mary Chain and more. Stop in and check them out!, TONIGHT!!!!, Bird Song of the Day, null, TRES GATOS PROUDLY PRESENTS HAT NIGHT, TOMMOROW, 730PM, NO COVER!!!!, At 3pm today, Justin Torres takes over Tres Gatos to read and sign his first novel, We the Animals. The book, and Justin, are both wonderful. But don't take our word for it. Trust Michael Cunningham, author of The Hours: "We the Animals is a dark jewel of a book. It’s heartbreaking. It’s beautiful. It resembles no other book I’ve read. We should all be grateful for Justin Torres, a brilliant, ferocious new voice.", NEKO CASE 'MIDDLE CYCLONE' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!!, TOMMOROW, 3PM~ come and see an amazing young author support his fantastic first novel, We the Animals., Bird Song of the Day, This is the first mention of this; there will be many more. On Black Friday, November 23rd, Tres Gatos will open at noon with a massive sale on new, rare, and limited edition vinyl, from the good folks behind Record Store Day, as well as great sales on hardcover books, turntables, used vinyl and much more, as a way of kicking off the Christmas season. Thank you to Nicole Beauchaine for making these lovely posters; JP, you will be seeing more of them, too., On Sunday, Tres Gatos presents Justin Torres, a young writer supporting a lovely first novel, We the Animals, which has been met with wide acclaim. Justin will be reading, signing, and generally kicking it at 3pm on Sunday., Thanks to Kate Brozek for this 'Bird Song' recommendation., You can now make on-line reservations from either our Facebook page or our website, www.tresgatosjp.com. Look for the UReserv (orange fork) icon. If you're not able to make an on-line reservation, please call and we will do our best to accommodate you. Please note that, at this time, we are NOT taking weekend BRUNCH reservations., Kira Novak answered the call for more bird songs, of the people, by the people, for the people, and so here it is, your BIRD SONG of the night, from Kira Novak:, Our First Thursday Artist for November is Cassandra Long. Cassandra is based out of the South End and her work is striking, challenging and visceral. Stop by Tres Gatos tonight to see the work of this incredible young artistic voice., JEFFREY EUGENIDES 'THE MARRIAGE PLOT' is out in paperback at Tres Gatos, as well as great titles from Junot Diaz, David Mitchell, Bram Stoker, Robert Kirkman, Walter Isaacson, and many more on this NEW BOOK DAY. Come by and check them out!, NEW MONTH, NEW THEMES...last year we did 'songs of thanks', so this year I thought we'd mix it up and do BIRD SONGS, as this whole month revolves around Turkey Day, doesn't it? Be sure to send in your favorite bird songs, or try to stump the Tres Gatos record folks!, HALLOWEEN SONG OF THE NIGHT., The soundtrack to the NOTORIOUS B.I.G. bioflick "NOTORIOUS' is just one of the new vinyl we've got in stock on this SPOOOOOKY NEW RECORD DAY. We've also got great wax in from Al Green, Diplo, Titus Andronicus, Bright Eyes, Johnny Greenwood, The Pixies, The Lumineers and more. Oh, and we have candy., HAPPY HALLOWEEN FROM ALL OF US AT TRES GATOS!!!, HAUNT THE VOTE SONG OF THE DAY, null, Thanks to Leah Mennies and Boston Magazine for including Tres Gatos in their annual 50 Best Restaurants list. We are truly honored!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Tres Gatos is back up and running, at 5:30 tonight, and we will have live music, no cover, at 8pm with the blues, rock, funk and soul sounds of Blonde on Blue., A new tradition has begun at Tres Gatos: Tuesday SHERRY FLIGHTS! Try three sherries, paired with pinchos, for $15., If we still have power, we will be open tommorow, and have great live music too!, hurricane song of the day., Regrattably, due to the MBTA closure at 2pm, the Gatos have no choice but to close today. However, unless there's a power outtage, we do plan to be open tomorrow (tues), with live music by Blonde on Blue at 8pm., Stick it out, through the storm, and come and see some amazing music on Tuesday night!, Time to rock like its a hurricane! AC/DC BACK IN BLACK on vinyl will help you beat the storm blues. And for the record(pun intended), we are braving the storm, and Tres Gatos will be open normal hours tommorow., Haunt the Vote Song of the Day (Hurricane Edition), Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, "Tres Gatos is Don Quixote—the knight that will win over your heart...", Introducing the Crosley Crusier, a portable turntable for everyone. On Sale at Tres Gatos now., HAUNT THE VOTE SONG OF THE DAY., HATFUL OF HOLLOW BY THE SMITHS leads the pack on this NEW VINYL DAY. We've also got great wax in from Nina Simone, The Misfits, Nude Beach, Dead Kennedys, Miles Davis, Radiohead, Japandroids and many many more, as well as amazing used vinyl by Ray Charles, John Coltrane, John Lennon and more!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, null, null, BACK TO BLOOD BY TOM WOLFE is on sale at Tres Gatos!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, a week from tonight........, New on the menu: Crispy Heritage Pork Belly with orange braised fennel and curly parsley! Also, we're starting Tuesday sherry flights tonight, so banish the memory of that syrupy sweet cream sherry you once tried, and open your palate to some truly delicious sherries, which pair perfectly with our pinchos, meat and cheeses., TOM PERROTTA 'THE LEFTOVERS' is the Tres Gatos Book Club Book this month and the book club will be meeting on December 2nd at 3pm to discuss it. It is on sale now at the 3cats bookstore. Also new this week, Back to Blood, the latest by Tom Wolfe, Blashpemy by Sherman Alexie, Skirt Steak by Charlotte Druckman, a ton of Ray Bradbury, and much much more!, HAUNT THE VOTE SONG OF THE DAY, Got a Halloween party coming up? We've got the soundtrack. Whether its Tom Waits or The Misfits, Jimmy Swaggart sermons or spooky sound effects, we've got everything you need to have a killer playlist this October. Stop in and see, if you dare!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, THE MINUTEMEN 'DOUBLE NICKLES ON THE DIME' is a punk classic and enough to warm your chilly bones on these cold fall nights. Throw in a little Husker Du and the Atlantics, warm up some cider, and you're off., Haunt the Vote Song of the Day(NSFW), Tres Gatos Lanterns at the Pond....What a lovely sight...., Nothing says fall like Neil Young. We've got Waging Heavy Peace, Neil's new autobiography. We've got Shakey, a biography of Neil Young. We've got On The Beach and Trans and Comes a Time on vinyl. We've got Harvest, Le Noize, and Live at Massey Hall on CD. All we need is YOU., HAUNT THE VOTE SONG OF THE DAY, Great weather for the lantern parade around JP Pond tonight and tomorrow, starting at 6pm. Stop by 3 Cats before or after for some sustenance, we'd love to see your lantern!, Heres a new one: The folks over ar Matmos, one of the best American electronic acts of the last twenty years, have released a new album, The Ganzeld EP, and to ensure the maximum musical experiance, each copy comes with ash colored InCase Sonic Over Ear Headphones, goggles, and a cerificate signed by the band. This is rare(total 600 of these in the world), this is weird, and it promises to be a trip., Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Dark beer lovers: we now carry Founders Breakfast Stout, just in time for the colder weather. Why is this called Breakfast Stout? Because it's brewed with imported chocolate, as well as Sumatra and Kona coffee. It boasts an intense fresh roasted coffee nose and a frothy head you won't soon forget!, Haiti needs our help! One of our extended Tres Gatos family members is involved with C.H.A.P.O., a great organization providing direct relief to those still suffering as a result of the 2010 earthquake and recent Hurricane Isaac. If you have any spare household items to donate (hand tools, fabric, kitchen items, small appliances with batteries, cell phones, etc), you may drop them off at 21 Austin Street in Hyde Park any time before 10/25. C.H.A.P.O.  would also be grateful for financial contributions to cover the cost of shipping the goods. Contact Dede at boardwhisperer@rcn.com with questions. Gracias!, THE VINYL BONANZA CONTINUES!!! Weezer "The Blue Album" leads the charge, but today we also recieved new wax from Art Blakey, Syd Barrett, The Minutemen, Tortoise, Def Jam Records, The Sea and Cake, and many many more!!! Stop by and check them out!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, TAME IMPALA 'LONERISM' leads the pack this NEW RECORD AND BOOK DAY. We also got great wax in from Tom Waits, Jeff Buckley, AC/DC, Lykke Li, The Knife and many many others. On the book front, we received some great titles today, from the latest by Dennis Lehane to classics from Richard Brautigan, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Charles Portis and many more. Stop in and check it out!!, HAUNT THE VOTE SONG OF THE DAY, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, A small step forward for the Gatos: you can now make reservations on-line, on either our website (www.tresgatosjp.com) or our facebook page. Look for the orange UReserv fork logo, and thanks in advance for your patience while we work out any kinks., Tres Gatos is thrilled to support one of JP's most beloved annual events: the Lantern Parade, put on every year by Spontaneous Celebrations. This amazing spectacle of light happens around the Pond this Saturday and Sunday, starting at 6pm. Visit Tres Gatos before or after for a drink and a bite to eat. We'd love to see your lanterns!, JOAN WICKERSHAM 'THE NEWS FROM SPAIN' is on sale at Tres Gatos, in stunning hardcover, and is, to this humble bookseller, a Must Read!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, This is approaching quickly. Grab your copy of the book and come out for the October 21st Book Club. And remember, Justin Torres will be at Tres Gatos, reading and signing, on November 4th., null, BRUNCHERS, thanks to everyone who gave the new Tres Gatos brunch menu a try this weekend. Available Saturday and Sunday every weekend 10am to 2pm, book and record store open all day., Perfect Autumn Music. Pick up DAWES 'NOTHING IS WRONG' on vinyl at Tres Gatos., Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Presenting the Crosley Collegiate, a gorgeous turntable with USB connection that is taking Tres Gatos by storm. With its gigantic speaker, the thing looks like a hot rod, and sounds like a turntable twice its size. Stop in and check out our record players!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Nothing says Fall like the blues. Its haunting, its primal, and it stirs the soul. So come on in for some great blues on vinyl, for long dark nights nursing a hot cider on the porch or Halloween parties, as the case may be. Little Walter is just one of the blues legend we have in stock, sitting alongside Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, John Lee Hooker, Otis Spahn, RL Burnside, and many many more. See ya this weekend!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Introducing the Crosley Cruiser, the newest addition to the Tres Gatos turntable family. Its gorgeous, its bright and fun, and its here just in time for Fall, with a fleet of other sexy turntables. Stop in and check 'em out!!!, Whether you consider it a biography, a confessional, a tutorial, or just a very fashionable pillow, DAVID BYRNE 'HOW MUSIC WORKS' is at Tres Gatos!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, New on the menu: Roasted Blue Hubbard Squash Soup, with lemon creme fraiche, pepitas, and toasted pumpkin seed oil -- perfect for this rainy fall weather. And for dessert, a Brown Butter Almond Cake, with Moscatel-roasted rhubarb and Greek yogurt ice cream., CLASSICS TAKE OVER TRES GATOS!!! U2 War....Nirvana Nevermind....Pearl Jam Ten.....Talking Heads Remain in Light......Roxy Music Self-Titled...and many many many more. Come on by and check them out!!!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, THE MOUNTAIN GOATS 'TRANSCENDENTAL YOUTH' leads the pack of great new records in today from Merge Records. We got a fantastic restock of the Merge essentials, like Arcade Fire, Spoon, Neutral Milk Hotel, and some more obscure titles by Bob Mould, Archers of Loaf, Destroyer and many more. ON THE BOOK FRONT, we've got new works by David Byrne, Joan Wickersham, Ruth Bourdain and Neil Young, among others. Come on in and check it out!, TONIGHT AT 8PM, without a cover, without a net, Joanna Teters and Balam Garcia will perform death-defying acts of valor and courage, all with a toe-tappin' beat you can eat to. See you there!, Haunt the Vote song of the day, Tres Gatos and JP Centre/South Main Streets are pleased to present another evening of great jazz and R&B with Joanna Teters and Balam Garcia, tomorrow (Tues, 10/9) at 8pm. No cover; dinner reservations recommended., GODS LIKE US by the Boston Globe's own Ty Burr is on sale at Tres Gatos now, and is a fantastic read!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, We got an amazing haul of great used records in tonight from a wonderful woman who saw us on TV all the way in Connecticut to give them to us. Among them, After Bathing At Baxters (seen here) by the Jefferson Airplane, some classics from the Beatles, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Mamas and the Papas and many more...., BRANDI CARLILE BEAR CREEK is a fantastic record and its sitting here, waiting for you!!!, Haunt the Vote Song of the Day, Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend and made our brunch launch such a success! We look forward to doing it again next weekend. Gracias!, Didn't make it to Erin Morgenstern's reading at the Footlight Club? We still have plenty of copies of The Night Circus left in stock, and many are signed by the author. Come in and check out this fantastic book., Haunt the Vote Song of the Day., BRUNCH is now being served at Tres Gatos, 10am-2pm on the weekends! Menu includes Churros, Shrimp & Grits, Eggs Benedict, Veal Shank & Eggs, Asparagus Tortilla, Chickpea Pancakes, Salt Cod Brandade, and Cava Cocktails!, MORRISSEY 'READER MEET AUTHOR' is a great bootleg of outtakes and b-sides, on sale at Tres Gatos on wonderful vinyl!!!, TONIGHT, come and meet Erin Morgenstern at the Footlight Club in JP. The Night Circus is truly a wonderful book, and we're lucky to have her come to town. The book will be available before and after the event at Tres Gatos., Record store manager Phil Wilcox, and his faithful assistant Caitlin Amaral, head off into the night to see Morrissey at the Wang Center tonight. If you're at Tres Gatos, stop back into the store, meet Anna, our new bookseller, and request some Smiths., The Hobbit has taken over Tres Gatos! Come on in, get one of Tolkien's classic Lord of the Rings books, and pick up a free "Gandalf for President" pin!, CHECK OUT OUR COOL BLURB IN URBAN DADDY!!!, Tres Gatos is proud to welcome Jess Robinson as our First Thursday Artist for October. Jess is based in JP, works at City Feed and Supply, and provides striking work. "Oceanic imagery in my work serves as a visual metaphor to describe my connection to memory, the interior personal sphere, and what it means to be home" she says. Come out and support her and all the other great local artists participating in First Thursday!, Song of the Day, New on the Tres Gatos menu: Charred Shishito Peppers; Spanish Octopus Salad with Eva's pea greens and tomato seed vinaigrette; and for dessert, Rice Pudding with sherried prunes and brown butter pistachios!, FIRST AID KIT 'LION'S ROAR' is one of the many new records we got in on this dreary Wednesday, in a monster package which also included, but is not limited to, Niki and the Dove, Leonard Cohen, Radiohead, Grizzly Bear, Otis Redding, MGMT and many many more. Come in, try one of the delicious Charred Shishito Peppers and bring some of this great new wax home with you!, Be sure to swing by tonight, check out the latest shipment of LPs and try the latest triumph from Chef Marcos and team, Charred Shishito Peppers with sea salt and olive oil. They are delicious and brand-spankin' new as of tonight!!!, Haunt the Vote song of the day, "SAN MIGUEL" BY TC BOYLE kicks off NEW BOOK DAY at Tres Gatos, along with great titles from Michael Patrick Mcdonald, Michael Chabon, Herman Melville, JRR Tolkien, Chad Harbach, and many many more. Stop in and check it out!!!, The Brunch Rush Begins!!!, Haunt the Vote song of the day., BRUNCH comes to Tres Gatos this weekend! Tired of cereal? Check out our brand new brunch menu, featuring creamy scrambled eggs with crispy Serrano ham, bavette steak & eggs, chickpea pancakes with fried Marcona almonds, rice pudding with sherried prunes and pistachios, churros, cava cocktails and more! Book and music lovers, the store will be open during brunch hours as well., TWO DOOR CINEMA CLUB 'BEACON' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos, so you can take in its...er...interesting cover in all it's glory., Its a new month, and we need a new theme. Its October, and so spooky Lovecraftian New England Halloween songs seem to be a must. BUT, theres also an election creeping up very soon, and some of the consequences of said election are just as scary as a werewolf or vampire, so I've decided we're gonna do BOTH.

Call it Haunt The Vote.

Song 1., TONIGHT TONIGHT~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, School Song of the Day, ANOTHER school song of the day, and yes, we have it on vinyl AND CD. This is what Autumn was made for., school song of the day., DAVE EGGERS 'HOLOGRAM FOR A KING' is out in stunning hardcover at Tres Gatos, along with great new works by Salmon Rushdie, Michael Chabon, Zadie Smith, Martin Amis,Junot Diaz, James M. Cain, Richard Ford, John Irving and many more!, Today we got a package from Sub Pop; it was sent by Mark Arm, the leadsinger of 90s gods of grunge Mudhoney. Ryan our sous chef discovered it, did some forensics, and can now definitely say that Mark Arm himself packed, and shipped, said package. The UPS label is hanging up in the book store and can be observed during business hours., This. On Vinyl. 'Nuff Said. But if you need more, check out the new Mumford and Sons, classics from Joe Strummer, Wayne Shorter, the 13th Floor Elevators, Muddy Waters and more, plus future classics from Wild Nothing, Twin Shadow and Black Belles, all on vinyl and all in stock today at Tres Gatos in beautiful, cloudless Jamaica Plain., school song of the day, October 1st, 2012, 8pm, no cover., null, MINOR THREAT leads the pack on this NEW RECORD DAY. Good to keep the energy going as we get into New England Autumn. We've also got Bon Iver, Father John Misty, Bobby Womack and many more. We ALSO just brought some stuff over from our USED VINYL TREASURE CHEST including Buffalo Springfield, Dr John, Black Sabbath and more...., The kitchen staff during last nights Peter Ungar event. Photo by Philip Keith., School Song of the Day, The Tres Gatos Book Club Book is here...for more info on Book Club, click below. We've also got great BRAND NEW titles in from Junot Diaz, Michael Chabon, Dave Eggers, Salmon Rushdie, and many more. Despite the Peter Ungar event tonight, the book and record store will be open regular hours, and we invite you to come in and see us., Due to a special 5-course tasting menu offered by guest chef Peter Ungar, Tres Gatos will not be offering our regular dinner service tonight. We will offer our regular hours and service again tomorrow. We apologize for any inconvenience., null, MUMFORD AND SONS 'BABEL' is out today, and we've got the CD in stock at Tres Gatos, with the vinyl following on Thursday. This might very well end up being the biggest album of the year, and is absolutely worth checking out., School Song of the Day, MATADOR ROCKS!!!!, SCHOOL SONG OF THE DAY!, Thanks to the good folks at Matador Records for featuring us on their Matablog. This is a great peice, and we really appreciate it., Just in time for fall, we've got Leonard Cohen's epic debut, the very peaks of poetry and sensuality, "The Songs of Leonard Cohen", on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Erin Morgenstern will be appearing at the Footlight Club in JP on October 5th to promote her amazing #1 bestseller, The Night Circus. Check out JP Reads website for more. If you absolutely can't wait-and its understandable, as its a great book-we have it on sale at Tres Gatos., school song of the day, Classic vinyl at Tres Gatos, including but not limited to the epic Radiohead masterpeice "The Bends"., According to the Phoenix, we are the ONE THING you should do in Jamaica Plain. While we love pints at the Behan and afternoons at the Pond, we'd be inclined to agree, and we have to thank the generous editors for the shout-out!, school song of the day, Very near and dear to our hearts, "Weird Things Customers Say In Bookshops" by Jen Campbell is in stock at Tres Gatos and worth reading...or grimacing at....or dropping as you laugh uncontrollably., school song of the day, AT LONG LAST, we have the newest from Deerhoof, Breakup Song, as well as great wax from Grizzly Bear, Fun., Bob Dylan, Bob Marley, RL Burnside, Warren Zevon and many more! Stop in and check it out!, A one day break from school song of the day. Its our book and music store manager, Phil's, birthday today and so he is calling the shots. And we are listening to Bruce., Exciting New Book Day here at Tres Gatos as we welcome "The Cocktail Waitress", the great lost novel by James M Cain, as well as "Winter Journal", Paul Auster's new memoir, and a great book with a great title, "Weird Things Customers Say In Bookstores" by Jen Campbell, as well as many more. On the VINYL front, we got some great wax in today from The Ronettes, New Order, Horrible Crowes, Rodriquez, Thom Yorke and many more. On this windy night, breeze into Tres Gatos., school song of the day, From the vinyl depths, here comes another classic...check out this beautiful copy of Al Green's Lets Stay Together we have in stock right now, along with classics from George Harrison, Bryan Ferry, Manfred Mann, Thelonious Monk, and more coming everyday...., It had to happen eventually. Tres Gatos School Song of the Day., There are still tickets available for Chef Peter Ungar's takeover of Tres Gatos!! We hope to see you all there!!, "LIONEL ASBO", the latest by MARTIN AMIS, is out in stunning hardcover at Tres Gatos., SCHOOL SONG OF THE DAY., THE XX'S SELF TITLED DEBUT, AND THE AMAZING NEW ALBUM 'CO-EXIST', ARE BOTH IN STOCK AT TRES GATOS, ARE BOTH WONDERFUL, LO-FI, SEXY AND SLINKY, AND ARE BOTH ONLY $16.98 ON VINYL., SCHOOL SONG OF THE DAY....Professor Longhair......too cool., JUNOT DIAZ "THIS IS HOW YOU LOSE HER" at Tres Gatos in stunning hardcover., From the vinyl depths, from the abyss of the Tres Gatos vinyl treasure chest, comes the 2 disc Kink Kronikles, a fantastic greatest hits compilation that throws in a few well placed odds and sods two. A must for any Brit-Rock fan., School Song of the Day, BOB DYLAN 'TEMPEST' on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos!!!, School Song of the Day, Tickets are still available for Chef Peter Ungar at Tres Gatos on September 25th. Inquire to the staff., Steak lovers, we're featuring a new Bavette Steak, served with smoky eggplant, crispy artichokes and sherry vinaigrette. Best enjoyed with a glass of red wine on our patio., LOUDER THAN BOMBS by THE SMITHS leads the pack on this beautiful new vinyl day, along with some great wax from Dirty Projectors, Deerhoof, Tom Waits, Dan Deacon and more.....stop in for a listen!, TELEGRAPH AVENUE BY MICHAEL CHABON is at Tres Gatos, along with great new novels from Martin Amis, Zadie Smith, Junot Diaz and many more..., School Song of the Day, School Song of the Day, Tonight, we'll be spinning great records from the XX, David Byrne and St Vincent, Bob Dylan and more and having an old fashioned dance party in the record store. Grab a glass of wine or an ice cold beer and come in and here some of the biggest releases of the fall. AND BOOK LOVERS-Michael Chabon and Junot Diaz have new books out today! Rejoice!, Start the fall off right: Nilsson Schmilson on vinyl., school song of the day, A big congrats to the organizers and musicians of the 2nd JP Music Festival, which was a great success. And thanks to all of you gatos who came out to show your support for our fantastic local musicians. VIVA JP!, Look at this amazing record we just got in stock! This is Tyrannosaurus Rex "A Beard of Stars" from 1970. This is the last album before the band switched their name to T Rex, and the first album on which Marc Bolan used electric guitars. Truly a treasure!, TUESDAY NIGHT!, null, School Song of the Day, Tres Gatos was flattered to be able to take part in yesterday's epic JP Music Fest. The neighborhood came out in an immense show of support, the musicians worked hard and played like it was going out of style, and the staff and crew pulled off something extraordinary. At the Tres Gatos Booth, people came out in waves to buy albums by their favorite local bands. If there was a band whose record you couldn't get yesterday, stop by the shop and we'll get you a copy. We'll be sure to see you all there again next year!, Stop by the Tres Gatos booth at the music fest today and pick up some great records by the hottest bands in Jamaica Plain. We'll be dancing, exploring and enjoying with the rest of you., school song of the day, New books by Zadie Smith and Martin Amis lead the pack on NEW BOOK DAY, along with classics from the likes of Hemingway to Chabon to Colin Meloy. On the vinyl front, we got some great new titles in, ranging from Wild Nothing, Why?,  Minus the Bear and Animal Collective's newest to classics from Van Morrison, Fugazi and more., DONT FORGET-when you're at the JP MUSIC FEST tommorow, stop by the Tres Gatos booth to pick up albums by all the bands playing. There is no mark up for the store-all the profits go directly to these hard working and unqiue bands. See you there. Pinebank, noon., School Song of the Day, Thanks to everyone who joined us for the Cat Power listening party last night. We had a great time! Next listening party is for the new XX album, "Coexist," the new Dylan album, "Tempest," and a new David Byrne/St. Vincent release called "Love This Giant," all coming out next Tuesday, Sept 11. Listening party starts at 8pm., On Tuesday, September 25th, at 7pm,we will be hosting a Guest Chef Tasting at Tres Gatos with Peter Ungar. A five course spanish tasting menu is $60, with wine pairings from Lopez de Heredia for $30. We will reserve 40 seats for the evening's event, and we ask guests who reserve a seat to give us 48 hours notice if they have to cancel, as this will be a sold out event. We hope to see you there., Breaking beer news: Tres Gatos snagged one of 13 kegs of VERY limited "Squirrel Brew" from Notch Brewing Co, and we're making it available tonight. This Unfiltered Blonde Bitter was made specially for the JP Music Festival, happening this Saturday. Tres Gatos will donate $2 from every pint sold to the JP Music Festival! Thanks for supporting local music!, school song of the day, TONIGHT. A brand new album from indie goddess Cat Power, a great artist displaying for First Thursday, and the return of Tres Gatos and all of the delicious wine and tapas that entails. We'll see you there., Over 20 bands on 2 stages, all from JP, on the shores of Jamaica Pond....can you beat that? Well, maybe throw in a Tres Gatos Booth, selling all the best local music, and a little Notch beer. We'll see you there!, school song of the day, On Thursday night from 8pm on, we will be spinning Cat Power's latest, Sun, along with other classic releases from her and other great Matador artists, and giving away Cat Power posters to anyone who buys a vinyl or CD. We hope you come out and drink, dine, and give a listen with us., The Gatos are still here, and we will be back in full force on Thursday September 6th. The new song-of-the-day theme is "School Songs"....songs about schools, education, learning, teaching, etc. To wet your appetite, I dug up this great live track of Sharon Jones and the Dap Kings on the radio in LA. Over and out, for now., Look what I found in SF, NEW MATADOR RECORDS DAY!!! We got a total restock of Cat Power, including her classic "What Would The Community Think", in preperation for our Cat Power Listening/Release Party on Thursday the 6th, when we return from Summer Siesta. We also got great titles from Pavement, Kurt Vile, Belle and Sebastian, Bobby Womack and more., CROSLEY COLLEGIATE!!! One of the swank new record players we got in stock today. Portable, with speakers built in and USBs for ripping all your favorite wax to your hard-drive, they are stylish and svelte. Tres Gatos will be closed from Saturday, September 1st to Thursday, September 6th. If you want to spin your wax this Labor Day, stop by tonight!, Beach Song of the Day, A reminder: Tres Gatos will be closed from Saturday, September 1st to Thursday, September 6th for summer siesta. We need to re-charge our batteries and get back to you in fighting shape. So, if you're craving that one last delicious meal at Tres Gatos, if you're in the mood for a little end of summer wine, or if you're going away for Labor Day and need a new book or record for the trip, tonight and tommorow are your last chance!! As always, thank you folks for your support and patronage., The three disc soundtrack to the recent film "Marley" leads the pack on NEW RECORD DAY PART 2. We've also got great new wax from M83, Elvis Costello, St Vincent, Allen Toussaint, and many more...., Beach Song of the Day, GIRL TALK 'NIGHT RIPPER' leads the pack this New Record Day, alongside classics restocks of great records by Of Monsters and Men, The Lumineers, Arcade Fire, Gorillaz, Modest Mouse, John Coltrane and more. Its also NEW BOOK DAY, with some great new arrivals, including Penelope Casas "Tapas", Truman Capote's "Other Voices, Other Rooms" and many more. A reminder that Tres Gatos will be closed from Sept 1st to Sept 5th, so if you're looking for the perfect Labor Day record or book, now its your chance to find it!, Beach Song of the Day, Tres Gatos. 8pm. Gypsy Jazz with Rob and Sasha. Let the dance begin., NICK DRAKE 'FRUIT TREE: THE COMPLETE RECORDINGS' in stunning close to mint condition, just found its way to Tres Gatos. This is the original pressing from 1979 on three vinyls with a gorgeous coffee table book in the box. TOO COOL!, beach song of the day, Ladies and gents, we've seen the future, and it looks an awful lot like the past....The Crosley CR-40, on sale at Tres Gatos now., Beach song of the day, THE SISTERS BROTHERS BY PATRICK DEWITT is in paperback at Tres Gatos!!!, beach song of the day, Beach song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY PART 2!!! Today we got one of the all time classics, The Who's Who's Next, on gorgeous new wax, along with some classics from The Modern Lovers, Dusty Springfield, The Beatles and more, along with brand-spankin' new material from The Drive By Truckers and Laurie Anderson. Stop in and spin some glorious tunes as we march toward the-gulp-end of summer., beach song of the day, Tuesday Night!, Tres Gatos First Edition of the Day: The Talented Mr. Ripley by Patricia Highsmith, for $15. By the way, if it didnt have old stamps from various owners and libraries, according to the internet, this book could go for anywhere from 900 to 7500 dollars! So come in and get a deal!, Beach Song of the Day, The Crosley Keepsake, with its USB perfect for ripping your vinyl directly to your computer, is just one of the fantastic turntables we have back in stock at Tres Gatos!, Just one of the weird and wild records we took out of our new Capitol Collection, aka the Tres Gatos Treasure Chest. At an off site location right now, Tres Gatos technicians are going through box after box, bringing you the best wax. Today we got everything from The Beatles to the Police, the Grateful Dead to Django Reinhardt, Iron Maiden to Kate Bush. You've gotta see this., Beach Song of the Day., null, null, The Tres Gatos Book Club Book for this Month is Hygiene and the Assasin by Amelie Nothomb, recently available in English and supposedly a stunner. We'll find out. The book is on sale at Tres Gatos and the Book Club will be held on September 23rd at 3pm in the Red Room at Tres Gatos!, YEASAYER 'FRAGRANT WORLD' comes out today, and we've got a gorgeous copy in stock on this wonderful end of summer NEW VINYL DAY. We've also got classics from Jeff Buckley, Neutral Milk Hotel, Mumford and Sons, Dawes, Emily Haines and many more. Check them out!, song of the day, Come digging for deals with the Gatos tonight!, BEFORE SUMMER ENDS, pick up the Jaws Soundtrack on Vinyl, and some other treasures we're pulling out of the depths of our Capitol Collection. Today we've got groovy wax from Jimmy Cliff (and Jimmy Buffett), Joni Mitchell, The Doors, Hugh Masekela, Jimmy Smith, Stan Getz and many many more!, beach song of the day, FRANK OCEAN 'CHANNEL ORANGE' is at Tres Gatos on CD. The Observer called it "an expansive, slow-burning classic that repays patience and close attention"., beach song of the day., Two of the Tres Gatos team off to see the Boss, you lucky cats! DD, The surprise hit of the summer, Japandroids "Celebration Rock", is at Tres Gatos on vinyl!, Beach Song of the Day, null, MATADOR DAY! We just got a great restock from Matador Records, including the much coveted new 10'' from Sigur Ros, as well as modern classics from Car Power, Yo La Tengo, Paul Banks, Perfume Genius, Ariel Pink's Haunted and more....., Beach Song of the Day, We say a fond farewell to Red Seal by North Coast and welcome a great new draft beer to our line: Eagle Claw Fist Imperial Amber Ale from Clown Shoes. This ale has a tantalizing malty sweetness, which gives way to a hoppy bitterness and a dry finish. An impressively well-balanced brew., One of our fantastic new turntables...., BEACH SONG OF THE DAY., Didn't get a chance to see the Boss at Fenway? Well, you can always pick up his new album, Wrecking Ball, at Tres Gatos, along with other Boss-approved wax on today, this balmy NEW RECORD DAY. We've got hits from Otis Redding, Bob Dylan, Grimes, Father John Misty, Steel Pulse, Pokey Lafarge and many more in stock. AND........TURNTABLES ARE BACK AT TRES GATOS. Portable turntables, turntables with USBs, turntables that look like cats...well, maybe not those., GEORGE HARRISON 'ALL THINGS MUST PASS' leads a pack of more great record from the Capitol Treasure Chest. We also dug up some great Lee Morgan, Dylan Thomas Reading Poetry, Art Tatum, and more!, JP MUSIC FEST ANNOUNCES LINE UP! September 8th at Jamaica Pond, and Tres Gatos will be there with a booth of our own!, Beach song of the day, TRES GATOS TREASURE DAY!!! We have recently come into a collection of over 2000 great vinyls, brought to us by a former employee of Capitol Records. They are being kept off-site in a safe location, and little by little will invade the shelv
es of 3Cats. The first batch hit the stands today, featuring PRISTINE and wonderful wax from Miles Davis, The Beatles, The Band, Lenny Bruce, The First Season Cast of SNL, Coleman Hawkins, Billie Holiday and many more!!! Stay tuned., Beach song of the day, Another new dish at Tres Gatos, perfect for the August heat: Golden Tomato Gazpacho, with Jonah crab and fresno chilies!, New Book Day at Tres Gatos!!!! This weeks shipment includes great reads like "Packing for Mars" by the funny and beautiful Mary Roach, as well as classics by Garth Stein, Jennifer Egan, Sarah Vowell, Dave Eggers, and many many more! Come in and get a good beach read, or a good 'wish-I-was-at-the-beach' read., Tonight, the music of Sandy Prager at Tres Gatos at 8pm. Sandy is a Berklee alum who is well known in the Boston area as a musician and composer. Come in and see him tonight! No cover charge, reservations recommended., Phil Wilcox in Stuff Magazine's One Night in Boston, Philip Keith in Stuff Magazine's One Night in Boston., Beach song of the Day, Beach Song of the Night, Dont forget to go see Tallahassee this weekend as they play with Coyote Kolb, The Late Greats, Chris North and more this weekend on Wyman Street in Jamaica Plain. And if you can't make it to the show, or can't wait, their new CD, Jealous Hands, is on sale at the record shop at Tres Gatos!, TAX FREE WEEKEND CONTINUES! Last night dozens of people took advantage of the Bay State's great retail bonanza, buying books, CDs and vinyls galore. And there are still a ton of great deals to be had, including Simon Winchester's Atlantic, in gorgeous paperback!, BEACH SONG OF THE DAY., Tres Gatos and Centre/South Main Streets are very pleased to present an evening of live guitar music with Sandy Prager this Tuesday, August 14 at 8pm. A Berklee alum, Sandy is well-known in the Boston area as a composer, guitarist and educator. There is no cover charge, and dinner reservations are recommended., Delicious new draft beer at Tres Gatos: Saison Renaud by Mystic Brewery. A biscuity nose, on the palate is dry, light and lemony with a touch of spice; has a pilsner-like quality, a great summer beer!, Its Tax Free Weekend in the Bay State, and that means its a perfect time to pick up a great new book or record to get you through these hot summer days, including this 3 disc Charles Mingus greatest hits package. We'll see you at the turntable!, Beach song of the day, While we're always excited when Chef Sanchez comes up with a new dish, this one we're really thrilled about: Spanish Octopus Terrine, served with cuttlefish ink mustard and pickled mustard seeds. Try it with a nice cold, dry fino sherry., NEW RECORD DAY VOLUME 2!!!! Blur's Parklife leads the pack in a fantastic shipment that also includes Patti Smith, Lee Hazlewood, Miles Davis, Art Blakey, Yaz, Rancid, The Band, and many many more. Stop by and we'll spin one for you!, Beach Song of the Day, Good news, kitties! We have a new and delicious local beer coming on draft tomorrow night.  To make room we are doing Weihenstephaner Heffeweisse for $4 on draft tonight! Out with the old, in with the new, and thanks as always for all your help!, Beach song of the day, NEW RECORD DAY hits hard this week, with Bobby Womack's new "Bravest Man in the Universe" on vinyl and CD, great classic wax from Radiohead, My Morning Jacket, The XX, the Zombies, Charles Bradley, and many many more! Stop in for a beer and a tune, wont you?, Beach song of the day, NEW BOOK DAY!!!! We've got Denis Johnson's Train Dreams in gorgeous paperback, as well as the Leftovers by Tom Perotta, Atlantic by Simon Winchster and restocks of classics from Tom Robbins, Nick Cave, George Higgins, Italo Calvino and many, many more!, Beach song of the day, At long last, the Tres Gatos Book Club Book is here. It is The Cat's Table by Michael Ondaatje and it is on sale in paperback at Tres Gatos. The Book Club had been scheduled for August 12th-this Sunday-but due to the fact that the book is just getting here, I've moved it to Sunday, August 19th at 3pm. If you can't make the new book club date, come in whenever you can and get a free cup of coffee and we'll discuss the book in depth., Beach Song of the Day, Tomorrow is Hat Night at Tres Gatos! Try out your new favorite summer hat, bring some friends, have a drink and a bite to eat, and enjoy the swinging jazz of the Top Hat Trio at 8pm. Brought to you by Tres Gatos and Centre/South Main Streets., The Tres Gatos First Edition of the Day is a gorgeous hardcover of Jonathan Franzen's The Twenty-Seventh City, which is featured on the fireplace and is $14!, Beach Song of the Day, Beach Song of the Day, We say a fond farewell to 3 Philosophers on draft and welcome a great new end-of-summer beer by North Coast Brewing: Red Seal, a coppery Pale Ale that deftly balances malt and hops. Happy Dog Days!, Hardcover 1st edition of the day: Bluebeard by Kurt Vonnegut, published 1987 by Delacorte Press. Book and dust jacket in excellent condition., THE BLACK KEYS 'THE BIG COME UP' leads the charge on New Record Day Part 2 this week, along with gorgeous wax from Lucinda Williams, Youth Lagoon, Bobby Womack, Big Star, Serge Gainsbourg, Fiery Furnaces and more. Cool tunes for a hot day., Beach song of the day, Beach song of the day becomes beach song of the night...., Come and celeberate First Thursday in Jamaica Plain with a staff wide Tres Gatos art show! All us little kitties are displaying our paintings, photographs and more and will be here to answer questions and mingle all night. That, a cold draft beer and some Miles Davis spells a good night, in our minds, and we hope to see you there., TRES GATOS HAS TURNTABLES!!! Including, but not limited to, this beautiful Crosley Spinerette with USB to convert vinyls to MP3!, Jamaica Plain is the hottest hood in Boston, according to Stuff Magazine, so we should all take turns patting each other on the back. Tres Gatos even gets a little mention!, NEW VINYL DAY this week includes the latest offering from Jimym Cliff, Rebirth, a terrific record. We also got classics from Miles Davis, the Beach Boys, Neutral Milk Hotel and more, and some great new records from Phantogram, Quilt, and Of Monsters and Men. Stop by and check it out!, Its the last month of summer, and many of us will trample each other in a desperate dash to beaches around New England. In honor of this end of summer hysteria, we're posting a beach song a day for August.....and away we go!, RIP from all the Gatos to a legend, Mr. Gore Vidal., Independent Summer Song of the Day., NEW BOOK DAY this week includes beautiful classics from Mark Twain, George Orwell, Emily Bronte, Ken Kesey and more, as well as great new titles from Chris Bohjalian and Chad Harbach. BOOK CLUB MEMBERS: THE BOOK CLUB BOOK WILL BE IN TOMMOROW, and we will post about it then., THANK YOU to Boston Magazine for naming Tres Gatos Best Spanish Restaurant for 2012. This is a great honor, and one that we will work hard for every day. Thanks also to all of our loyal fans who keep us going night after night with your great company, and your passion for food, wine, beer, books and music. We couldn't do it without you!, Thanks to the talented poets from Boston and NYC who gave their time, and shared their talents, to participate in our Literary Cathouse on Sunday and raise money for a great cause: Join the Conversation, Filmmakers Against Sexual Violence. Also, thanks to our always-fantastic dinner guests who joined in the fun and ordered flash poems along with their meals. We all had a great time!, Independent Summer Song of the Day....anybody got any great ideas for a song of the day theme for August? Lay 'em on us., Today, Tres Gatos is taken over by sexy, sexy poets, for a good cause, and the only thing missing is you!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, The Tres Gatos First Edition of the Day is Ian McEwan's The Innocent from 1990. Its gorgeous., Tommorow Tres Gatos gets sexy, for a good cause...., Independent Summer Song of the Day, New on the menu: Duxbury Bay Top Neck Clams, served with white beans and Eva's fresh garlic, and roasted garlic croute!, NEW RECORD DAY PART 2!!! Today, we were blessed with wonderful titles from amazing Revolver Distribution, including picks from Sonic Youth, Beirut, Heatmiser,  LCD Soundsystem, Aphex Twin and more, and we also received some great jazz from 
Art Pepper, Joe Pass, Jimmy Smith and many more. Let the weekend begin!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, Check out the cool write up we have in the Weekender section of Urban Daddy for our Literary Cathouse on Sunday., The Tres Gatos First Edition of the Day is a stunning hardcover copy of Graham Greene's "Our Man In Havana" from 1958, on sale for $12., Independent Summer Song of the Day, For a limited time only, we have the very special Ommegang Three Philosophers on draft. This is a deceptively strong, slightly sweet Belgian-style Quadrupel with cherry Kriek added, giving it that inimitable twist. Great for dessert!, PASSION PIT 'GOSSAMER' leads the pack on this king-sized NEW VINYL DAY. We've got the new Mission of Burma, and the latest offerings from Metric and Dirty Projectors, as well as classics from John Lee Hooker, Jeff Buckley, The Replacements, N.W.A., and many more. Fight the heat and spin the wax, folks!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, NEW BOOK DAY!!!!

We've got new titles and classics from Jeffrey Eugenides, Jonathan Foer and Franzen, Ann Patchett, Richard Ford and many, many, many more. And we've got the classic and essential Savoy Cocktail Book, printed in 1930 out of the legendary Savoy Hotel in London., Tres Gatos First Edition of the Day: Julian Barnes "Love, Etc" in stunning hardcover for $7!!!, Get out there and vote, friends and fans of Tres Gatos, for us as Boston's Best Tapas. We'll owe you two high-fives and a hug., Independent Summer Song of the Day., PAUL SIMON 'GRACELAND' 25TH ANNIVERSARY CD AND DVD is at Tres Gatos. One of the all time essential summer records, with a fantastic making of feature, is a Must-Have, says the Gatos., independent summer song of the day., USED VINYL FEVER AT TRES GATOS! Jimi Hendrix "Electric Ladyland" in near-mint condition with its original, infamous cover....Nina Simone....Kate Bush...the Animals....Henry Rollins...and many many more. Stop by, hear the new Debo Band record, and pick up some wax for yourself!, Today, 2pm. Buy These Men a Beer!, TV DINER WITH BILLY COSTA FEATURES TRES GATOS TODAY!!!!, Bookstore manager Phil getting his inner-Boss on...., Independent Summer Song of the Day, Our very own Kim Browning finds her doppleganger in the vinyl section..., Thanks to Grub Street for including us in their weekend round-up!, THE LAST WALTZ, featuring the Band, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Muddy Waters, Joni Mitchell, Emmylou Harris, Eric Clapton and many, many more, is only $14.98 on DVD at Tres Gatos!, Independent Summer Song of the Day., Tres Gatos proudly announces a partnership with Sub Pop Records, one of the coolest indie labels in history. We will be stocking all Sub Pop titles, keeping you up to date with the tour schedules and inside info on Sub Pop artists, and to celebrate, we got a big order in today of some of our faves, from Beach House to Father John Misty, Low to The Postal Service, Mogwai to The Head and the Heart., Independent Summer Song of the day, Thanks to Daily Candy for featuring this weekend's Debo Band show in the weekender section. And yes, it's true what you've heard: $11 beer and burger special — lamb bocadillo with Green Flash West Coast IPA, the band’s favorite ale., Independent Summer Song of the Day, THE DIRTY PROJECTORS SWING LO MAGELLAN leads the pack on this very stormy NEW RECORD DAY. We've got great summer restocks in from Fiona Apple, Mumford and Sons, Dan Auerbach, Dr Dog, Little Walter and many many more, as well as some great jazz CDs from the likes of Herbie Hancock, Milt Jackson and Coleman Hawkins. Brave the storm and come find your summer soundtrack!, Tres Gatos is proud to present our first edition of the day, Anita Loos "A Girl Like I", on sale on the fireplace for 10 dollars!, SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY....Tres Gatos brings the funk, with a meet-and-greet with JP's own Debo Band. Theyll be spinning their new disc, as well as some of their other favorites, and to celebrate their signing to Sub Pop, we will be selling their album, and some of our Sub Pop favorites. Be there or be square!, PURE BEEF BY LYNNE CURRY leads the pack on NEW BOOK DAY. We've got great titles in from Richard Russo, Ernest Hemingway, David Byrne, Nora Ephron, Nina Simone, David Ives, and many many more!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, The Tres Gatos prescription for beating the heat: come in and listen to some cool music, enjoy a refreshing beet or Bibb salad along with a cold beer or glass of Txakolina, maybe a piece of tortilla or a lamb bocadillo, then browse our new batch of used records, including Tom Waits (Heart Attack & Vine), the Ink Spots, Keith Jarrett, and a 3 record greatest hits package by the Temptations!, THANKS TO STUFF@NIGHT for this glorious and gorgeous write up! MC Slim JB, we will please your palate and your ears whenever you want! AND DON'T FORGET-TV Diner will be here tonight at 7pm. If you want to be on TV, if you want to grab them and tell them how you love Tres Gatos, stop in!, independent summer song of the day., 1st edition hardcover of the day: "Innocent Blood" by P.D. James, book and dust jacket in near fine condition, for $15.00., Today's Tres Gatos first edition:
John Updike's The Music School, from 1966, in gorgeous hardcover., TV Diner alert! Join in the fun tomorrow (Monday) as the TV Diner crew does some last minute shooting for an upcoming episode featuring Tres Gatos. We expect them around 6:30pm, and believe the episode will air this Saturday, June 21., Independent Summer Song of the Day, NEXT WEEKEND the funk comes to Tres Gatos!, THE HAPPINESS PROJECT BY GRETCHEN RUBIN is at Tres Gatos in paperback!, independent summer song of the day., NEW AND USED VINYL EXPLOSION! We've got a fresh haul of great used records, including the legendary Tom Waits Ran Dogs, and also including the Rolling Stones "Exile on Main Street", The Velvet Underground self-titled and many more! We also got some great NEW DISCS in from Jeff the Brotherhood, Pink Floyd, Howlin' Wolf and more. Stop in this weekend and check it out!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, Book lovers: starting today, we will be putting on sale a notable first edition hardcover every day, for the forseeable future. Today, in honor of this election year, we're featuring "Democracy" by Joan Didion, for $7., GARY CLARK JR.'S 'THE BRIGHT EYES E.P.' is at Tres Gatos, and it is fantastic!, Independent Summer Song of the Day, JULY 29th at Tres Gatos, we get wild for a good cause. Come by and see the show!, READY PLAYER ONE BY ERNEST CLINE IS IN PAPERBACK AT TRES GATOS!!!!, independent summer song of the day, Thanks so much to Twin Shadow for mentioning us on their list of independent stores around the country that are carrying the new album, Confess. It's a really spectacular disc and we wish them all the best!, NEW VINYL DAY! Nina Simone, Bright Eyes, Paul Simon, Beach House and more! Plus, we've got great CDs from Gary Clark Jr., Metric, Grace Jones, Elvis Presley and more! Stop in for a beer and tell the DJ what to play., PATTI SMITH 'BANGA' is at Tres Gatos on CD!!!!, independent summer song of the day, null, Thanks to Apartment Therapy for mentioning us as one of their reasons to come to Beantown! This is a great write-up from some really wonderful folks!, Our intrepid bookstore manager, Phil, went on an adventure through the wax underworld and came up with some classic used vinyls, now on sale at Tres Gatos! Everything from the Beatles to Black Sabbath, Harry Nilsson to Pet Shop Boys, for your viewing and listening pleasure!, Independent Summer song of the day, MATADOR RECORDS just sent us a great big order of fantastic vinyl! We've got fantastic titles from Belle and Sebastian, Cold Cave, Girls, Tanlines, Fucked Up, Twin Shadow, and more! Come check it out!, ESSENTIAL SUMMER LISTENING IS AT TRES GATOS. We've got all your summer music needs on vinyl and CD, from Bob Marley to the Beach Boys, from Foster the People to Louis Armstrong, from Sam Cooke to Joe Strummer..., independent summer song of the day., HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!!, SURPRISE NEW RECORD DAY! We've got great rare recordings from Morrissey, Nirvana, Radiohead, Joe Strummer, Nick Cave and many more! Stop in and check them out!, countdown to July 4th........, Late-breaking earth-shaking new vinyl day, with some essentials for the 4th of July....U2 The Joshua Tree leading the pack!!!! We've also got Wilco, Radiohead, Alabama Shakes, Lucinda Williams and a couple of more gorgeous vinyls, and on CD restocks of the latest by Dr. John, Patti Smith, Leonard Cohen and more...perfect for wherever the road takes you this Independence Day..., Hola, Gatos!
On top of Hat Night this evening we are rolling out our newest wine flight: Island Wines of Mallorca. We are featuring Bodegas AN Negra's white wine, Quibia, along with two of their reds, AN/2 and Anima Negra. We were originally turned on to these wines by a native of Mallorca who visited the restaurant and mentioned the bodega to David.
These wines are made from 100% indigineous varietals grown in the volcanic soils of Mallorca in the Balearic Islands. Quibia is driven by Premsal with healthy dose of Callet. AN/2 is a blend of Callet, Manotnegre, Fogeneu, and a hint of Premsal for aromatics. The Anima Negra is 100% Callet (their noblest varietal) and comes from their oldest and best vineyard site. 
Driven by the mineral acidity evoked by the islands volcanic soils, these  wines are food friendly and offer a unique expression of terroir and personality. Owing to their island home and volcanic soil, the vineyards were spared from the ravages of phylloxera. The flight is composed of 3 oz of each the three wines. So put on your dancing and drinking hat and we'll see you tonight at Tres Gatos!, countdown to 4th of July continues...., TONIGHT@8pm---3 Tops Jazz Band storms Tres Gatos for Hat Night, co-sponsored by JP Centre South Main and Salmagundi. Wear your coolest, jazziest hat and enjoy some great tunes and wine. Cool hats get 10 percent off in the book and record store. It's gonna be a time!, Don't forget-tommorow is Hat Night at Tres Gatos, presented by JP Centre South Main Streets. Dennison Blackett and the Three Tops Jazz Band will be playing all the hits. Wear your jazziest hat and get a 10 percent discount in the book and record store while listening to fantastic music and enjoying some wonderful wine with friends. We'll see you there!, THE GREATER JOURNEY BY DAVID MCCULLOUGH is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous paperback, perfect for a 4th of July beach trip!, COUNTDOWN TO JULY 4TH!, GRACE POTTER AND THE NOCTURNALS 'THE LION, THE BEAST AND THE BEAT' is on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, the last fathers day song of the day., THE BOSTON HOMEGROWN COOKBOOK BY LEIGH BELANGER is at Tres Gatos in gorgeous hardcover and is perfect for a summer dinner party! Some of your favorite local restaurants open their kitchens to show you the inner-workings of the best dining in Boston. Definitely worth checking out., FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, 99 TO 1 by JP's own Chuck Collins is back in stock at Tres Gatos and it is fantastic! Support one of our neighborhood's coolest authors!, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY., NEW RECORD DAY today is very exciting indeed, as we have a new contract with Merge Records and stocked up on all their wonderful artists-Arcade Fire, Spoon, Magnetic Fields, Destroyer, She and Him and more- and got some goodies along the way. We also got a big order of bestseller titles in, including Bon Iver, Japandroids, Mumford and Sons and many more. This is one of the best New Records Days we've ever had, and we wanna share it with you!, I thought it appropriate to break from our Fathers Day song theme just because...well...it's been so damned hot. yowza., ALONG THE WATCHTOWER BY CONSTANCE SQUIRES is the Tres Gatos Book Club Book! The book club will be meeting on July 29th at 3pm in the Red Room of Tres Gatos, and the Book is on sale now., FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY(and you all knew it was coming), Tres Gatos would like to offer you sangria, and live music on a regular basis, but we need your help to get the licenses. We'd be grateful if you could take a few moments to write a letter of support, attn Licensing Board, and send to muse3@comcast.net. We'll keep you posted on our progress, and THANK YOU!, THE TRES GATOS 5 DOLLAR CD SALE CONTINUES! We've got great used titles for 5 dollars a pop, including the Strokes classic "Is This It?" Looking at the racks, I see everything from Interpol to Beck to Dire Straits to U2 to John Coltrane. Definitely worth checking out., fathers day song of the day, THE LUMINEERS self titled. One of the coolest records of the year. Melodic, timeless, folky, haunting, gorgeous. On CD at Tres Gatos now, and incoming vinyl soon., FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY(and we're taking theme suggestions for July...beach songs? Patriotic songs? We need your feed back!), JACK KEROAUC 'THE SEA IS MY BROTHER' is one of the many perfect beach reads waiting at Tres Gatos. Whether you like to lounge under the umbrella with Raymond Chandler OR Italo Calvino, we've got you covered., Fathers Day Song of the Day, NEW VINYL DAY PART 2! More cool summer jams to help you fight the heat. We've got Creedence Clearwater Revival, Bobby Womack, Felice Brothers, Liars, Miles Davis, Hendrix, and many many more..., fathers day song of the day, I forgot to mention. Yes, yes, a thousand times yes, we have the new Fiona Apple on CD., THE HEAT IS OPPRESSIVE, AND TRES GATOS HAS THE HITS OF SUMMER ROLLING IN! The Beach Boys, The Specials, Foster the People, Bob Marley, Al Green, M83, Gotye and many more have invaded the racks of Tres Gatos! AND HERE'S THE DEAL: The First Five Vinyl Customers tonight get a choice between a free promo Walkmen 45 of their new hit, Heaven, or a split 45 with Matisyahu/The Dirty Heads! Brave the heat for cool drink and music!, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, RICHARD FORD'S LATEST, 'CANADA' LEADS THE PACK ON NEW BOOK DAY. We've got "The Sea is My Brother", the long lost novel of Jack Keroauc, we've got "State of Wonder" by Ann Patchett in paperback, as well as great picks from David Goodis,Brady Udall, Abraham Verghese, J Courtney Sullivan and many many more!, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY!, Thanks to Sasha Kern and Rob Flax for a GREAT night of music! When they play here again, you don't want to miss it. Transported us all to another time and place., Thanks to the Paris Review for making us laugh and shake at mid-day. This is pretty fantastic., FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, null, Tres Gatos and JP Centre/South Main Streets are pleased to present an evening of great jazz with Sasha Kern & Rob Flax tonight at 8pm. Featuring guitar and violin, this duo plays acoustic jazz rooted in the swing tradition but with a contemporary feel. They incorporate elements of modern jazz, bluegrass, and the music of India and Brazil. There is no cover!, HAPPY FATHER'S DAY EVERYONE. Just a reminder-10 percent off used vinyl today at Tres Gatos to celebrate your dad, to celebrate you, if you are a dad, or heck, to celebrate the dad you just may become., FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, Lots of new items on our menu this week, including Roasted Candystripe & Golden Beets, served with goat's milk robiola and mustard seed vinaigrette. Also, for a limited time, Semolina Fried Soft Shell Crab with a ginger chili sauce. And for dessert, a silky Rosemary Crema served with plum jam., MONDAY NIGHT AT TRES GATOS!, null, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY., Fathers Day Song of the Day, Fathers Day Song of the Day, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY (off one of the very coolest records of the year, available at Tres Gatos), GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS: THE BEST OF BURLESQUE AND STRIPTEASE MUSIC is a kitsch and cool new vinyl we've got in stock, and perfect for a summer dinner party. Be the first kid on your block to get one!, Fathers Day Song of the Day, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, We're excited about a few new menu items at Tres Gatos. First, a semolina-battered fried shoft shell crab, served with a ginger chili sauce and spring onions. Anyone who's travelled in the mid-Atlantic states knows what an amazing (and short-lived) treat these are. Second, we urge burger fans to try our lamb bocadillo, which is served on a housemade potato roll, topped with a spicy chimichurri sauce and crispy shallots. Finally, for dessert, we're offering a rosemary crema, served with plum jam and brown butter crumbs. Enjoy!, Fathers Day Song of the Day, At 330 today, the Gatos is taking over by two dogs, Percy and Tum Tum...., Don't forget, we'll be having a reading and meet and greet with two cool cats, authors Jen Hill and John Paul Jimenez, tommorow from 330 to 430pm. Stop by for some wine and a little fun., Fathers Day Song of the Day, FATHERS DAY SONG OF THE DAY, Ray Bradbury, RIP from all the Gatos. I know both David Doyle and myself were huge fans of The Martian Chronicles. So we bid you farewell with a gem from Siouxsie and the Banshees, "Something Wicked This Way Comes"..., TO LOVE SOMEBODY BY NINA SIMONE leads the pack this new record day! Bon Iver, Sharon Van Etten, Interpol, Wye Oak, Bob Dylan, The Postal Service, The Modern Lovers, and many many more have graced Tres Gatos with their wonderful wax presence. Come in and see!, Saturday from 330 to 430, come in for a reading and meet and greet with two fantastic authors!, Fathers Day Song of the Day, null, SMALL MEMORIES BY JOSE SARAMAGO is at Tres Gatos in paperback. This has really been a great spring for new books. Haruki Murakami,John Irving, Toni Morrison, and many more have put out exciting new works. It's a great way to beat these gray days. Why not make it a 50 Shades of Grey Day?, Fathers Day Song of the Day, Fathers Day Song of the Day, Father's Day Song of the Day, Meredith Goldstein comes to Tres Gatos to promote her new book, The Singles, today at 330pm. Come by for a signing, reading, and other merriment., Fathers Day Song of the Day, TOMMOROW: 330pm. Meredith Goldstein will be reading and signing her new novel, The Singles, and bookstore manager Phil Wilcox will eat two dozen eggs. , new month, new theme, folks, and this time it's Fathers Day songs. As always, send in your requests and ideas. And away we go!, MAY SONG OF THE DAY, THIS WEEKEND, JP!!!!, EDWARD SHARPE AND THE MAGNETIC ZEROES 'HERE' is just one of the great new records we got in stock today. We also received great titles from Fleet Foxes, Violens, Electric Guest, Beastie Boys, Radiohead,Tom Waits and more, as well as the new Regina Spektor on CD., RIP from all the Gatos to the great Doc Watson, truly a legend and one of our favorite pickers. , JOANNA NEWSOM 'HAVE ONE ON ME' is one of fantastic used CDs we have on sale for 5 dollars. FIVE. Its a special sale for all those folks looking for great listening as they drive to the Cape, to Maine, or just back from a great dinner at 3Cats. We've got great titles from Yo La Tengo, Talking Heads, Ornette Coleman, Neil Young, Fugazi and many, many more., MAY SONG OF THE DAY, MAY SONG OF THE DAY, The book signing/reading/hootenanny for Meredith Goldstein's new book is fast approaching. Join us, won't you?, New on the menu: Grilled Vermont Quail, with foraged mushrooms and summer salad!, MAY(ER HAWTHORNE) SONG OF THE DAY, NICK DRAKE 'DEMO COLLECTION' VOLUMES 1 AND 2. At Tres Gatos on vinyl now., MAY SONG OF THE DAY, May song the day, May song of the day., Join us on June 2nd for a celebration of Meredith Goldstein's new book, The Singles., null, May song of the day., May song of the day, May song of the day for today..., May song for yesterday, Saturday., Hola, Gatos! This afternoon this little piggy took the bus to San Sebastian, aka the basque city of Donostio. Food-wise this will be the pinnacle of my trip. There are 5 3-star michelin restaurants in all of Spain (El Bulli was the sixth..) and 3 of them are situated here.
   About 5 minutes after my arrival the owner of the hostel, Rafael, asked what brought me to Donostio. When I explained that my trip was half vacation and half wine and food research for Tres Gatos, he literally grabbed my arm and took me to three of his favorite pintxos bars. 
   I had been duly impressed by pintxos in Bilbao, but in San Sebastian the artistry and complexity of flavors are clearly even more elevated. As an example, below find pictured: Seared fresh turbot over milk-braised potatos and aioli con ajo sin huevo (aioli using garlic as the emulsifying agent rather than egg- lighter and more aromatic.) On the base of the plate are confited pistachio and tomato and the garnish are seabeans sliced thinly and grilled.
    So, here are at least 5 clearly unique flavors and 4 techniques in a dish that costs just under $4. And, for all the complexity, the flavors are integrated perfectly with none seeming superfluous. Lastly, finally I'm in a city where I can speak french so my communications just improved exponentially: La cuisine ici est exceptionelle et parce que ca je suis tres, tres jolie.

Can't wait for more basque cuisine tonight!
Gracias,
-Keith Harmon, May song of the day, Beer lovers, we're excited about two new bottled beers at Tres Gatos: Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale, aged up to 6 weeks in freshly decanted barrels, with subtle oak notes and just the right amount of bourbon on the nose and palate. And Samuel Smith Nut Brown Ale, which features a pleasant nuttiness and a great balance between roasted malt and aromatic hops., Wow, Gatos; completely different culture and language up in Basque country. Their language, euskada, is unrelated to any other in the world. These people have been living in pais vascos (basque country) for 5000 years.. And i thought fenway park was old school!
Pintxos here are like delicious miniature works of art. I spent last night wandering the old city drinking txakoli and sidra (cider) with scooby snacks all along the way.. Delicioso!
-Keith Harmon, May song of the day, MAY SONG OF THE DAY, May song of the day....


maybe tommoooooorow

maybe someday
, May song of the day, Live music lovers: Tres Gatos will be soon be applying for an entertainment license so we can offer live music on a more regular basis (generally with no cover). If you'd like to show your support, please sign the petition at the restaurant, or send a letter to muse3@comcast.net. We're also applying for a cordial license so we can serve REAL SANGRIA! Your support is greatly appreciated!, A big THANK YOU to Kim and Emily for choosing Tres Gatos as the place for your graduation celebration yesterday. We really enjoyed hosting you and your guests, and wish you both all the best! Gracias, the Tres Gatos team., Mother's Day song of the day, Mother song of the day, Tres Gatos restaurant is closed for a private party from 1 to 5pm today. We will reopen for normal dinner service at 5:30pm. The book and music store will be OPEN to the public from 3pm on today., Mother's Day Song of the Day, Buen viaje to wine gato Keith Harmon, who at this very moment is flying toward Spain to visit some of the vineyards that produce our favorite wines. It's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it. Stayed tuned for Keith's field reports..., for a few days, May song of the day becomes Mother song of the day, as we pay tribute to those wonderful mums who make the world go 'round, and you know....made us....MOM SONG OF THE DAY., May song of the day:

May God bless and keep you always
May your wishes all come true
May you always do for others
And let others do for you
May you build a ladder to the stars
and climb on every rung
and May you stay forever young, PULP 'DIFFERENT CLASS' is one of the dozens of used CDs we're offering up for 4 dollars in a special sale. Enjoy amazing deals on CDs from Neil Young, Nirvana, THe Shins, Bob Dylan, The Beastie Boys, The Pixies and many, many more while supplies last!!!, May song of the day, Satisfy your sweet tooth AND support a great cause. Buy CHURROS at Tres Gatos this week (through Mother's Day) and we will donate all proceeds to Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Bakes for Breast Cancer, Inc., to be used in the fight against breast cancer. Gracias!, It's Hat Night at Tres Gatos! Dust off the smoking jacket and your best cufflinks and head in for a speakeasy feel, with great music from the 3 Tops Jazz Band, featuring our very own Dennison Blackett, and enjoy a 10 percent discount in the record store if you wear a jazzy hat!, MAY SONG OF THE DAY, May song of the day., BONNIE RAITT 'SLIPSTREAM' is only $15.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, May song of the day., We're one of the lucky stores to stock this fantastic record! Come out and support Viva Viva!, Tres Gatos bids farewell to the man, the myth, the legend, Adam MCA Yauch. To people of a certain age, the Beastie Boys were the soundtrack of growing up, and MCA was a huge part of that. Stay tuned for updates as we restock with some great Beastie Boys vinyls for you.

, May song of the day., Hat Lovers, it's that time of the month again! Join us next Monday, May 7, for Hat Night at Tres Gatos. Revel in a room full of hats, and enjoy the music of the Three Tops Jazz Band, including our very own Dennison Blackett. All hats welcome, reservations recommended., New at Tres Gatos: scallop carpaccio with fresno chilis and oregano (try pairing with Gessami, a beautiful blend of Muscat and Sauvignon Blanc), and for dessert, an olive oil semolina cake with strawberry buttermilk sherbet and fresh berries., May song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY PART 1!!! Jack White's solo debut, Blunderbuss, is in at Tres Gatos, as well as the new Norah Jones/Danger Mouse effort, Little Broken Hearts. Check out this and more and brave the rain for some wine and some wax., A new month, a new theme, and this one is a doozy. We're talking about May Songs-songs that feature the word May in the title, or the lyric, or just plain remind us of May. As always, any suggestions should be submitted all over the Tres Gatos wall! Song of the day., Take a little look and see who was named Boston's best tapas and tunes! Thank you Yankee Magazine!, LANA DEL REY 'BORN TO DIE' as a gorgeous 45 RPM single is only $4.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, null, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, Thanks to Ed for such a great write-up on our vinyl obsession in the JP Patch. We've got too many records to fit the shelves this weekend, from Foster the People to Bette Davis, so come on in and check it out! , We want to congradulate friend of the store Megan Conway on her first post on RollingStone.com, a great little peice about Bon Iver! , spring song of the day, A big THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for Dining Out for Life last night, and to our fine hosts, Tristan, Janet and Connie. Together, we raised a lot of money for AIDS Action Committee and had a lot of fun doing it. We look forward to doing it again next year. Gracias!, spring song of the day, OF MONSTERS AND MEN 'MY HEAD IS AN ANIMAL' leads the pack on new vinyl day! We also got in some choice cuts by Ryan Adams, Arcade Fire, Gotye, Foster the People, Reptar, Django Reinhardt, and more! Come by and check it out! ALSO-we're working on restocking all Band/Levon Helm related items. As you can imagine, the demand is massive, but we did get in a few great Band Greatest Hits compilations, as well as Ramble at the Ryman and The Basement Tapes., spring song of the day, spring song of the day, Please join us this Thursday, April 26, for Dining Out for Life, an annual fundraiser to support HIV/AIDS care and prevention services. Tres Gatos will donate 25% of our proceeds that night to AIDS Action Committee. There is a two hour table limit, and reservations are strongly recommended. Thank you!, Tres Gatos was thrilled to participate in World Book Night this year, a night dedicated to spreading the love of reading. Nearly twenty volunteers chose to pick up their stash of books at Tres Gatos, and last night, they passed out HUNDREDS of great books to people in the community who don't read regularly. We applaud their effort, and hope the books all found good homes., spring song of the day, EARTH DAY SONG OF THE DAY, Thank you to everyone who came out and made this the best Record Store Day ever! We've been blessed from the beginning to have amazing supporters and fans who flatter us, indulge us, and keep us running, and they came out in force today! Spin one for us., RECORD STORE DAY SONG OF THE DAY, PART 1-RARE RECORDS. PART 2-hardcover, used vinyl and used CD sale PART 3-merch, clothes, and more! PART 4-free coffee PART 5-bar opening at 2!, BILLIONAIRES VINEGAR: THE MYSTERY OF THE WORLD'S MOST EXPENSIVE BOTTLE OF WINE BY BENJAMIN WALLACE....only $14.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Less than 24 hours until vinyl fever hits the hub! We have so many great records, and much much more, to show you tommorow! Stop by and let us strut our stuff!, spring song of the day, THANK YOU to everyone who came out to Tres Gatos last night to support local music and help raise funds for the JP Music Festival. Also, a big thank you to the bands, and to JP Centre/South Main Streets for helping to make it a reality., Tres Gatos says goodbye to Levon Helm. He will be missed. The Band's folk and country leanings changed the course of rock and roll, 'bringing it all back home', to quote Bob Dylan. Levon's heartland spirit and rustic voice played a major part in that. He's a true rock and roll journeyman, and now the journey is complete., Some of the RSD stuff has arrived and we're so excited to share it with you on Saturday. We can't tell you any particulars, but this might be the single coolest batch of records we've ever seen. Stop by on Saturday and see for yourself!, Tres Gatos says goodbye and farewell to Dick Clark, one of the last great rock and roll innovators and and an entertainer to the end. , spring song of the day, spring song of the day (today), spring song of the day (Monday), On Saturday, Tres Gatos will be open at noon with some rare, unreleased, limited or advanced pressing vinyls; truly, some of the rarest, coolest records in the world, for your listening pleasure, as well as sales all over the store, free coffee and pastries, and a bar opening at 2pm. Check it out!, POPULAR MUSIC FROM VITTULA BY MIKAEL NIEMI is the Tres Gatos Book Club Book for May! We will be meeting on Sunday, May 20th, at 3pm in the Chef's Room. Tres Gatos has the book in stock currently., spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, The talented and beautiful Joanna Teters returns to Tres Gatos for a night of jazz, soul, and savage grooves. She goes on for the first of two sets at 8pm. We'll see ya there!, ANDREW BIRD 'BREAK IT YOURSELF'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, STIFF LITTLE FINGERS 'INFLAMMABLE MATERIAL'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Tres Gatos will be CLOSED this Sunday, April 8, in observance of Easter. The entire Tres Gatos team wishes you a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing you again soon., Record Store Day Fever is sweeping the nation! Put it on your calender-April 21st 2012, noon., spring song of the day, spring song of the day, spring song of the day, The delicious new offering from Pretty Things is now available on draft at Tres Gatos: 1838 X Ale, based on the original ale recipe. A great change-up from the Pretty Things team, just in time for opening day., It's Hat Night at Tres Gatos! Come in for a speakeasy feel, with great music from the 3 Tops Jazz Band and enjoy a 10 percent discount in the record store if you wear a jazzy hat!, spring song of the day, New month, new theme, folks. It's spring, it's renewal, it's rebirth. Let's push the sun up into the sky and celebrate. , Don't forget-Tres Gatos is having a book signing and reading for Margot Livesey's new book, the Flight of Gemme Hardy, tommroow from 3pm to 5pm. Come in for some wine and conversation and support this incredible novelist!, THE SPEAKING CLOCK REVUE: LIVE AT THE BEACON THEATRE....a great new CD we've got in stock at Tres Gatos, benefiting The Participant Foundation to Support Music and Arts Education Programmings In Public Schools...featuring Neko Case, Jeff Bridges, Elvis Costello, Leon Russell and many more., a belated farewell to a legend, Earl Scruggs., Irish song of the day., Irish song of the day., RYAN ADAMS 'HEARTBREAKER' leads the pack of great new vinyl arriving today, along with Fleet Foxes, Drake, Chet Baker, The National and Arcade Fire. We also got a gigantic book order in, including Nick Flynn, Hunter Thompson, Marquise De Sade, James Baldwin, James M. Cain and many many more!, Irish song of the day., SKETCHES OF SPAIN on vinyl is just one of the cool new toys we got in today! We also got some great vinyl by Jack White, Joy Division and Gram Parsons, and some FANTASTIC low-cost CDs of jazz, blues and ragtime featuring, but not limited to, Miles, Billie, Ella and great compliations of New Orleans jazz and Delta Blues. Check it out!, Sarah Vaughan would be 88 today. Happy Birthday., Irish song of the day., irish song of the day, Tres Gatos and Centre/South Main Streets are thrilled to present Eric Harpe and the Delta Swingers this Tuesday at 8pm. This is a great chance to hear them play a rare acoustic set, NO COVER. Normal dinner service from 5:30 to 10pm, reservations strongly recommended, with a strict 2 hour table limit., Back on the menu, a favorite from last year: Moroccan lamb meatballs with grilled country toast! Also, genuine German Black Forest ham, and Tarentaise Reserve, a fantastic Alpine-style, Jersey cow's milk cheese from Spring Brook Farm in VT., Irish song of the day., Irish song of the day, Irish song of the day, Thanks so much to the Metro for this amazing write-up! Linda Laban clearly knows her Django. , Thanks to everyone who came out on Tuesday to listen to the amazingly talented jazz duo of Nick Grondin and Brian Friedland. Next Tuesday, we're honored to host Erin Harpe & the Delta Swingers, 8pm, no cover. If you haven't had the pleasure of watching Erin perform before, now's your chance!, Irish song of the day., Has your favorite college hoops team been eliminated? Switch gears and be a part of Munch Madness, and help Tres Gatos advance to the Second Round. Voting for Round 1 happens today and tomorrow, so there's no time to waste! And thanks for your support! Team Gatos. , Irish song of the day., Tres Gatos and Centre/South Main Streets are pleased to present another evening of great live music tonight!!! Acclaimed pianist/composer Brian Friedland and composer/guitarist Nick Grondin will perform jazz standards as well as their own compositions. They'll play two sets starting at 8pm, no cover. Reservations recommended, with a 2 hour table limit., BELLE AND SEBASTIAN 'TIGERMILK' only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Irish song of the day, Irish song of the day., Late Night Dance Party Tonight at Tres Gatos. Wear Green, Requests Songs, Drink Beer, Be Merry., Happy St. Patty's Day! For today only, we're offering a green (spinach) tortilla espanola, made with jamon serrano, served with garlic aioli. Pair with a Green Flash IPA on draft for instant green happiness., THE POGUES kick off a great big shipment of new vinyl for the weekend, featuring the likes of St. Vincent, The Fiery Furnaces, Leonard Cohen, Otis Redding, The Smiths, Bon Iver, Guided by Voices, Belle and Sebastian and more! We'll be playing all the hits tonight at Tres Gatos!, Irish song of the day and certain to be played tommorow night at our late night St. Paddys dance party., Tres Gatos and Centre/South Main Streets are pleased to present another evening of great live music next Tuesday, March 20. Acclaimed pianist/composer Brian Friedland and composer/guitarist Nick Grondin will perform jazz standards as well as their own compositions. They'll play two sets starting at 8pm, no cover. Reservations recommended, with a 2 hour table limit., Irish song of the day., Want to celebrate this Saturday, but don't like drunken crowds or green beer? Come to Tres Gatos for Green Eggs & Ham (our daily tortilla dressed up with spinach for color and Jamon Serrano for that Dr. Suess touch), and join in the end of night Dance Party hosted by our very own Phil Wilcox, whose play list will include everything from U2 to the Pogues to Stiff Little Fingers., Irish song of the day., ISLAND LIFE BY GRACE JONES-only $8.98 as a used vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Irish song of the day, Irish song of the day., We are thrilled to be hosting our first FLAMENCO show tomorrow (Monday) night. Yvonne LaLyre and Roberto Rios from El Arte Flamenco will be performing two shows, at 8pm and 10pm. This is a great chance to see and hear flamenco up close, AND have a great meal at the same time. No cover, reservations recommended, with a 2 hour table limit., THEY MARCHED INTO SUNLIGHT BY DAVID MARANISS-only $17.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Irish song of the day., Irish song of the day (and yes, Steve Earle IS American, but still......), Irish song of the Day., Irish song of the day., FLAMENCO fans! Tres Gatos is thrilled to announce that we'll be hosting our very first flamenco show next Monday, March 12, featuring Yvonne LaLyre and guitarist Roberto Rios of El Arte Flamenco. Shows start at 8 and 10pm, and there is no cover. Dinner reservations strongly recommended, and there is a 2 hour table limit., Thanks to the Boston Globe for publishing a little book review from our own Phil Wilcox. The book is fantastic, and we have it in stock. , BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN 'WRECKING BALL' on cd and vinyl at Tres Gatos, is just one of the amazing new releases we got in stock today. We also have the new Magnetic Fields and Lyle Lovett on CD, and some great vinyl from The National, Gang of Four, the Black Keys, Billie Holiday and more, as well as restocks on CD ranging from Feist to Harry Nilsson. Come on by for a beer and take a listen!, Irish song of the day, THE INVENTION OF HUGO CABRET BY BRIAN SELZNICK-only $24.99 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, Irish song of the day., While technically, a "hatter" is one whose occupation is the manufacture, selling or repair of hats, we at Tres Gatos are going to widen the definition to include those who make their hats look damn good. So...thanks to all of you wonderful hatters who joined us last night and raised the style bar. We can't wait to see what you wear next month!, IRISH SONG OF THE DAY, It's HAT NIGHT again! Join the Tres Gatos / Salmagundi team for another memorable night of great hat-ware, conversation, music, food & drink. Proceeds from the sale of churros will be donated to Company One, resident theatre company at the Boston Center for the Arts., RADIOHEAD 'IN RAINBOWS'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Irish song of the day., We love our new draft beer: Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale by Alltech's Lexington Brewing Company. Aged up to 6 weeks in freshly decanted bourbon barrels. Smooth and robust, with subtle vanilla and oak notes. Perfect antidote to chilly March weather!, Irish song of the day., We're very excited about a new dish on our menu: Braised Spanish Octopus. The octopus is braised with white wine, tomato and fennel stalk, and served with charred green garlic. An instant staff favorite!, Irish song of the day, Tres Gatos is happy to showcase "Mixed Media and Collage Work" by Brian Patrick Adams for First Thursday. Brian is an artist and curator who lives and works in Jamaica Plain. His work centers on the uncanny, the thin line between comedy and drama, the real and the fictional. He often touches upon our relationships to a nostalgic past while frequently subverting the innocence of memory. We hope you stop in to see his work!, Its a new month, time for a new category, and this being March, its-SURPRISE-Irish songs! Away we go!, THE SLITS 'CUT'-just one of the almost 40 amazing new albums we got today!!!, New Vinyl Day-----we've got the new Sleigh Bells album in stock, we've got classics from Nina Simone, Nico, Captain Beefheart, Charles Mingus, The Slits, Fugazi and more, and we've got great new platters from Jens Lenkmen, Wilco, M83, Arcade Fire and more. Brave the storm and come and see!, love song of the day/goodbye and farewell to Davey Jones, A big THANK YOU to everyone who voted for Tres Gatos in the Best New Restaurant category in the Boston Phoenix. While the nomination was an honor, an even greater honor is the enthusiastic support the community has shown us during our critical first year. If you'd still like to vote, here's the link: http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/vote/food/restaurant-new#TOPCONTENT. , TOWNIE BY ANDRE DUBUS III is out in paperback, and is one of the great new books we got in today. We also restocked the Tres Gatos Book Club Book, Swamplandia by Karen Russell, and got some great choice titles from Sarah Vowell, Paul Auster, Willaim Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway and many, many more!, love song of the day, The long awaited Tres Gatos segment on Phantom Gourmet is up, and we think it looks pret-ty, pret-ty good. , We're proud to announce that our very own Chef Marcos Sanchez will be the first featured chef in a series of cooking demos hosted by the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts to benefit the Boston Public Market Association. Next Thursday, March 8, from 6 to 8pm, Marcos will demonstrate how to prepare a selection of delicious tapas. Register through the CSCA Recreational Class Calendar (easy to Google), and thanks for supporting a great cause!, love song of the day, We're pretty excited about a new dessert on our menu: Brown Butter Almond Cake with tarragon semifrio (aka semifreddo) and Oloroso-soaked raisins., 'LOVE' SONG OF THE DAY, Have some great  vinyl you'd like to unload? For a limited time, Tres Gatos is taking your used vinyl for restaurant and store credit! We are looking for records in good condition from the following genres: classic rock of the 60's and 70's, classic blues, new wave and punk, and indie/grunge/brit pop. If you have something you think we just NEED to have, contact the record store at Tres Gatos or just stop in!, love song of the day, Back by popular demand, Chet Baker Sings It Could Happen to You is here, on vinyl, for $14.98! We personally think it is one of the coolest records in the world and hope you agree., love song of the day, Our next HAT NIGHT is just over a week away (Monday, March 5 to be exact), so time to get going on that outfit. Join the Tres Gatos crew and the fantastically fashionable Team Salmagundi for a night of great food, music, and fashion. All the proceeds from the sale of our churros that night will be donated to Company One, the resident theatre company at the Boston Center for the Arts., Thanks to the JP Patch for the shout-out about book club!!, love song of the day, THE TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB BOOK IS "SWAMPLANDIA" BY KAREN RUSSELL. THE CLUB MEETS ON MARCH 11TH AT 3PM  AT TRES GATOS AND WE HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, New Book/Record Day!!!! We've got Sleigh Bells, we've got Toro Y Moi, we've got Marilyn Monroe and My Morning Jacket. We've got "The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest" in paperback. We've got the Walking Dead and Ready Player One. No Matter who you are, we've got something for you., AIR 'LE VOYAGE DANS LA LUNE'-only $16.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, love song of the day, love song of the day, Live music tomorrow, Tuesday February 21, starting at 8pm. The very talented Joanna Teters and Balam Garcia return for another evening of jazz and R&B. Dinner reservations recommended. No cover!, love song of the day, Love Song of the day, Love Song of the Day , We are thrilled to be feauted in Boston.com's list of the Best New Resteurants!, Tres Gatos is honored to host Centre/South Main Street's Annual International Woman's Poetry Reading, this Sunday, February 19, from 3-5pm. Our bar menu will be available, so come get a drink, a bite to eat, and enjoy some great poetry!, love song of the day, love song of the day, A big THANK YOU to everyone who joined us for Valentine's Day! It was great to see so many of our regulars. We enjoyed your company and hope you enjoyed ours. Gracias!, PLEASE VOTE for Tres Gatos! And thank you for your support!, Happy Valentines Day! Looking for the perfect gift? Well, we just got a big spankin' vinyl order in stock, and it might hold the key to Valentines Day victory...we've got the new Dr. Dog, we've got Kurt Vile, U2, The Postal Service, the Shins and more. Come have a glass of wine with your significant other and spin a record!, other love song of the day (some people hate Bruce Springsteen). come by for a beer tonight and I will play both of these songs, and more-Phil, love song of the day. happy valentine's day, everybody., love song of the day, IPA lovers, we have a new beer on draft for you: Green Flash West Coast IPA. Simcoe hops impart a touch of grapefruit zest, Columbus hops contribute some pungency, and Cascade hops give help give it that lovely floral aroma. This is an all-year-round great beer., RIP to one of the great singers of her generation, Whitney Houston, a true American legend. Tres Gatos will miss you. The Love Song of the Day., Thanks to everyone who came out last night and danced, drank, spun records, and helped us celeberate our 1 year anniversary. You're all sweet beyond belief, and we're so lucky to have such a great customer base. We had a great time, and we hope you did too!, We're excited about our new draft beer by North Coast: Old Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout, packs a punch at 9% ABV, big complex flavors (espresso, dark chocolate), perfect winter brew., one year anniversary song of the day!!!!, ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY PARTY!!! We're spinning all the hits, feeding you tasty morsels, pouring your weight in fine wine, and offering a massive sale on everything in the book and record store. Please come by and help us celebrate what has really been a roller coaster ride of a year, and let us treat YOU., THE MODERN LOVERS is just one of dozens of new records we got in today. Everything from Cat Power, the Pixies, New Pornographers and Yuck to Grant Green, King Curtis, The Kinks, Public Image Lmtd. and Nina Simone. Come and check it out!, Don't forget-tommorow is our one year anniversary party. Beginning at 3pm with a 10 percent off ALL inventory sale in the book/record store, and continuing into the night with free food, bar bites, finest drinks, and a dance party beginning at around 8ish. Its our way of thanking you for a wonderful year and your continued support. See you there!, love song of the day, BIG SUR BY JACK KEROAUC-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Want to enjoy a romantic dinner but don't want to deal with Valentine's Day madness? Make a reservation for 2 for this Sunday or Monday, smile and RELAX!, love song of the day, Come and see the new and improved record store at Tres Gatos! We've got more room, and we're coming out guns blazing. Its new vinyl day as well, and we've got great releases from Girls, Wavves, Kurt Vile, The Head and the Heart, and more., Raffle Winners Announced!!! Lizzie Chandler and Calolina Meyes, you've won $50 Salmagundi's gift cards! Caitlin Amoral, you've won a $50 Tres Gatos gift card!!, Last night was Tres Gatos owner/founder/visionary/captain David Doyle's birthday. Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate with us., Love song of the day (get on this, 39 riders!), Thanks to all you stylin' hat-wearers, and to the Salmagundi folks for helping to make it happen, and Boston.com for sharing in the fun! We'll see you first Monday in March for another night of great food, fashion, drink and music! , A big hats-off to everyone who joined us for Hat Night. It exceeded our expectations, and we look forward to hosting another one the first Monday of March!, Love song of the day, Forget about the safety and the dropped passes and the pointless Coke ads. Don your favorite hat and join the Gatos and the fine folks from Salmagundi for a night of food, fashion, and fun! Dinner from 5:30 to 10pm, then jitterbug, mambo and swing til midnight!, IGGY POP AND THE STOOGES 'RAW POWER'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, STEAMIN' WITH THE MILES DAVIS QUINTET is at Tres Gatos for only $14.98!!!, Love song of the day, Don't feel like eating nachos and carrot sticks all day tomorrow? Want to share a bottle of cava with some friends before kickoff? Need some music for your pre-game soundtrack? Tres Gatos bar menu is available at 3pm tomorrow, and record store opens same time. Go PATS!, Jazz mania at Tres Gatos this weekend as a boatload of amazing jazz storms the gates of the record store. The very best Miles, Monk, Mingues, Coltrane, Bill Evans and more, all gorgeously reissued and remastered, and all for less than $15. Come by and see us!, LOVE SONG OF THE DAY, Two new menu items we're excited about: a LENTIL SALAD, with grilled halloumi cheese and mizuna greens, and a WHITE COCO BEAN AND ROMAINE STEW, with braised pork shank, chantenay carrots and hazelnut oil!, Thanks to Urban Daddy for the shout out on Hat Night!, Tres Gatos is proud to feature "Artist's Proof: A Group Exhibition", this First Thursday. This a collection of wonderful work from a group of printmakers attending MassArt and setting their sites on the Southern Graphics International Conference, the largest printmaking conference in North America, held this year in New Orleans. All proceeds of this exhibition will be used towards sending the featured artists to the conference., Love Song of the Day, Our special Hat Night, coming up on Monday, just got a nice write-up in the Globe. Grab your dancing shoes and your best fedora and head out for a night of fun with the Gatos team., new month, new theme. surprise, surprise, its love songs. LOVE SONG OF THE DAY., Perhaps the largest single vinyl order in the history of the company has hit the store. Our shelves are absolutely full. We've got Clash, Black Keys, Ramones,Van Morrison, M83, Fleet Foxes, and so much more. You HAVE to see it., GIL SCOTT HERON 'THE LAST HOLIDAY'-only $25 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, One more post: We're one new vinyl sale away from 1,000 for the year. Whoever buys the 1,000th vinyl gets a draft beer courtesy of Phil in the book store. The race is on., Sarah Borrello invades Tres Gatos with her earthy blues growl tonight at nine. Definitely not something to miss. We think this girl is going places., cold song of the day, Looking for something to do the night after the Patriots win (or lose)? Feel like celebrating, but couldn't care less about Valentine's Day? Join us on Monday, February 6 for HAT NIGHT, and celebrate great food, fashion, drink and music with the Tres Gatos and Salmagundi staffs. Featuring music from the 20s, 30s and 40s, dance party starting around 10pm. See event below., cold song of the day, Sarah Borrello LIVE at Tres Gatos. Tuesday, Janaury 31st, 9pm., Tres Gatos is proud to feature It's All in the Framing: Original Poetry by the The Carpenter Poets of Jamaica Plain, on sale in the book store now. Its a fantastic collection by a very special group. , cold song of the day, For beer lovers craving the taste of summer, we just added Cisco Brewer's Grey Lady (referring to Nantucket's fog) on draft. Grey Lady is a wheat beer with a distinctive citrus finish and a touch of spice. Phil, our music and literary guide, is already quite smitten., OTIS REDDING 'PAIN IN MY HEART'-one of a small but amazing surprise order of vinyl we received late last night., COLD SONG OF THE DAY, Thanks to Phantom Gourmet for featuring Tres Gatos on the show today! And may I say, DJ Phil, you look mighty sharp on TV., For those who would like to explore the world of Spanish meats and cheeses, we recommend that you try a "chef's choice" of 3 each. Two delicious new items: a house-cured duck breast, and chabichou, a goat's milk cheese from Ruggles Creamery in Hardwick, MA!, Cold Song of the Day, We're excited about a new pincho that chef just created: dates stuffed with mitibleu (a delicious Spanish blue cheese), then wrapped in lomo serrano, a tasty cured tenderloin. Simple but divine!, NEW YORK DIARIES 1609-2009 BY TERESA CARPENTER-only $26.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, ANTHONY GREEN 'BEAUTIFUL THINGS' is just one of the great vinyls we got in today, and it has a sound as striking as its gorgeously surreal cover art. Also in, Bon Iver, Jeff Buckley, Real Estate and more on vinyl, the late great Etta James back in on CD, and some wonderful reads by authors from Max Brooks to F. Scott Fitzgerald, Anthony Bourdain to Raymond Carver. Come on down for a great night at Tres Gatos!, Thank you to everyone for coming out and supporting Chris North last night! We do have his new album, Lovedream, on sale in the store. The talented and fiery Sarah Borello plays next Tuesday night, so stop by and listen to some great blues with us. And now enjoy your Cold Song Of the Day., New bottled beer at Tres Gatos: "Antimatter," a Dusseldorf-style altbier from local Blue Hills Brewery, made with German Munich 20 malt and Magnum hops. Come with a friend, because this one's 22oz., CHRIS NORTH, seen here with his former band the Points North, is playing a pre-release gig to celebrate his new album, Lovedream, tonight at 8pm! Stop in and see one of the best young talents in JP, and cruise the book and record store, where we have solo Chris and Points North records on sale., UN-cold song of the day. its gorgeous out!!!!, Thank you to chef and the rest of the team at Bondir for the fantastic meal last night! You made these cats very happy., YUCK 'SELF TITLED' plus bonus vinyl of B-sides-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos, cold song of the day, Live music at Tres Gatos: the very talented Chris North (of the band Points North) plays tomorrow, NO COVER, and the extremely talented Sarah Borrello is scheduled to play next Tuesday, January 31, at 9pm., LEE MORGAN 'THE SIDEWINDER'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, We heard theres some kind of game going on today(?) but heres OUR hail-mary pass: 10 percent off all used in vinyl in the store today, and Crispin Classic English Dry Cider flowing from the rafters. The kick is up....and it's good., "Life" by Keith Richards, not your typical autobiography, is at Tres Gatos in paperback for $16. Deal City!, Here come the plows!, VINYL DAY! Morphine "Cure for Pain", one of the coolest records of all time in our humble opinion, plus beautiful pressings from Lee Morgan, Wilson Pickett, the Velvet Underground, Yuck, Guided by Voices and more. Rejoice, it's Friday!, Goodbye, farewell and amen to Etta James. , In response to feedback from our guests, we are now taking a limited number of reservations for parties of 2 each night. As always, thank you for your suggestions and feedback!, RILO KILEY 'THE EXECUTION OF ALL THINGS'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, THE LITTLE WILLIES 'FOR THE GOOD TIMES' on vinyl and CD at Tres Gatos! Also in today, Bon Iver, Wild Flag and Rilo Kiley on vinyl, great CDs from Cole Porter, Johnny Cash, David Bowie and Nouvelle Vague, and much, much more., cold song of the day, One of our New Year's Eve dishes that has made it on to our regular menu: House-cured Salmon Gravlax with American paddlefish caviar, green peppercorn creme fraiche, dill, and crispy potato. You won't be disappointed!, snow song of the day, THE TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB BOOK IS IN!!! White Noise by Don Delillo. Book club will be Sunday, February 19th at 3pm. Also in today: Keith Richards "Life" in paperback, Michael Lewis "Moneyball", Julie Child "My Life in France", Charles Bukowski "Pulp" and more!, Thanks to Jan Gardner and the Globe for mentioning us on Sunday!!!, REGINA SPEKTOR 'BEGIN TO HOPE'-only $21.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, cold song of the day, Brave the arctic cold and come to Tres Gatos for our 10 percent off sale on used vinyl and a cup of hot delicious coffee! Don't let old man winter win!, DELTA MOMMA BLUES BY TOWNES VAN ZANDT-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, COLD SONG OF THE DAY, Thanks to Urban Daddy for putting us on a very short, very exciting list! We hope to see you all on Valentine's Day. , ARGUABLY: ESSAYS BY CHRISTOPHER HITCHENS-only $30.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, THE DEAD WEATHER 'SEA OF COWARDS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, New Bavette Steak on our menu, with charred radicchio, Cabrales blue, and Spanish cider. Pair with a hearty Spanish red to forget your rainy winter blues., cold song of the day, DRAKE 'TAKE CARE'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, COLD SONG OF THE DAY, We're now taking reservations for Valentine's Day, for parties of 2 and more! Seatings will start at 5pm, and the last seating will be around 9pm. We will offer our regular menu, with a few special additions. We look forward to seeing you., CHARLIE PARKER 'BIRD ON 52ND STREET'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Need warming up? Our New Year's Eve Seafood and Saffron Soup is still on the menu: with octopus, cod, clams, mussels, and cilantro. And beer lovers will be happy to know that we now have Brooklyn Winter Ale on draft!, cold song of the day, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, THE BOY WHO HARNASSED THE WIND BY WILLIAM KAMKWAMBA-only $14.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, KEITH HARING 'JOURNALS'-only $20.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, FOSTER THE PEOPLE 'TORCHES'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, DEER TICK 'DIVINE PROVIDENCE'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, cold song of the day, THE OTHER WES MOORE: ONE NAME, TWO DATES BY WES MOORE-only $15 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Come one, come all to Tres Gatos for a very thirsty and fun First Thursday, featuring Raleigh Strott's new show, "A Dog Is a Dog". Stay warm, be merry, ask about the new house-cured Salmon Gravlax and the Brooklyn Winter Ale and spin a record, preferably something tropical., cold song of the day, cold song of the day, From January 5th to February 3rd, Tres Gatos will be displaying Raleigh Strott's show of new works on paper,"A Dog is a Dog". Raleigh is a recent Mass Art graduate, a Jamaica Plain resident and a queer activist whose work approaches the very limitations of language. Stop in on First Thursday and check it out!, THE ROOTS 'UNDUN'-only $15.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, Cold Song of the Day, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, New Month, New Song List: Cold Songs for January., Tres Gatos wants to thank everyone who came to ring in the New Year with us. It was a wild time, and we all had fun. For the record, at the stroke of midnight, Lady Gaga's "Edge of Glory" was melting into the Cure's "In Between Days", so now, if you didnt already, you can feel tipsy whenever you hear either of those songs., Tres Gatos opens for the new year today at 5:30pm. Happy New Year!, song of the day, We're just a few hours away from the Tres Gatos dance party. Bring your best moves, your requests, your game face and maybe eat some bread first., As we'll be busy getting our special New Year's Eve menu ready, Tres Gatos restaurant and store will NOT be open at 3pm for our normal weekend bar menu service. First seating starts at 6pm. Thank you!, THE BLACK KEYS 'THE BIG COME UP'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!, Revellers: all those joining us for the late night dance party tomorrow, time to get your music requests in! FYI, there's a rumor going around about confetti-spewing vuvuzelas which we know NOTHING about. Hope to see you tomorrow!, RIN TIN TIN: THE LIFE AND THE LEGEND BY SUSAN ORLEAN-only 26.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, song of the chilly day, Our prix fixe menu for New Year's Eve includes asparagus tart, house cured salmon Gravlax, roasted lamb, saffron seafood soup, and veggie paella! We still have space for the 6pm and 8:30 seatings, for parties of 2 and more. Dinner followed by late night dance party, housemade chips and dip, and boatloads of cava!, THE CURE PILLBOX TALES 1977-79-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, song of the day, SONIC YOUTH 'DAYDREAM NATION'-only $12.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, Whirlwind holidays, family zaniness, braving the lines on railroads, highways, shopping markets....we're tired, and so are you. But Tres Gatos is back at 530pm tonight. Stop in and show off your sweet holiday swag., Brother Thelonious, one of our favorite musicians, AND beers..., Our tortilla, made fresh daily..., Barbara, veteran server, all ears..., Gato on opening night..., Phil and Leah, pre-opening..., Phil and Miles..., Blue gato with books..., Leah cleaning records..., Bert, one of our upstairs gatos..., Our beloved bar under construction..., Local mafiosa at his private table..., Chef Marcos with unknown beauty..., Lulu, another of the gatos, with cast (and mother, Sarah)..., Stef with Kate on Record Store Day..., Sydney Blackjack (head gato) on Christmas day..., The joy of sherry..., Scream pays a visit for Halloween, Jackie and Lucinda..., Our catio..., Hunter S Thompson visits for Halloween..., The start of our vinyl collection..., A little beer to settle the dust..., This week, in no particular order, we'll be posting photos from our first year, including the build-out. Thanks for sharing the ride with us... The TG staff, The Tres Gatos team will be closed today, Monday December 26, for a little R&R. We will open again tomorrow. 

For those still undecided about your New Year's Eve plans, we still have tables available for both the 6pm and 8:30pm seatings, including parties of 2! And don't forget the midnight dance party with vuvuzelas!, Tres Gatos wants to wish all of you the happiest of holidays, and thank you for your continued support. We're really blessed to have the best friends and guests in the world, and we look forward to more food, fun, and tunes in the new year. We are open until 8pm tonight, so if you're doing last minute shopping, or just want a glass of wine and a little food before you hit the road, stop in and see us. We'll be the ones in the Santa hats., CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, christmas song of the day, JOHN DOE 'KEEPER'-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, Last minute shoppers, we have your back! Tonight and tomorrow, the book and record store (and restaurant) will be open from 5:30 to 11pm. On Saturday, the store and restaurant will be open from 1 to 8pm, and the restaurant's dinner menu will be available that entire time., CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, IT CHOOSES YOU BY MIRANDA JULY-only $24.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, christmas song of the day, CHARLOTTE GAINSBOURG 'STAGE WHISPER'-only $18.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, Our New Year's Eve prix fixe menu is now posted on our website (www.tresgatosjp.com). We'll be doing two seatings, at 6pm and 8:30pm, followed by a late night dance party led by DJ Phil. Thanks in advance to all of you who have chosen to usher in the new years with los gatos. , christmas song of the day, Super-duper-HUGE-vinyl order just arrived: Death Cab for Cutie, Metric, Elliot Smith, Dean and Britta, Daptone sampler, John Doe, Decemberists, and many, many more. It's a thing of beauty., The very talented Joanna Teters (singer) and Balam Garcia (guitarist) will make a repeat performance at Tres Gatos tomorrow (Tuesday) starting at 7:30pm. No cover! If you like to hear great jazz and soul in an intimate space, don't this miss chance!, DJ Phil and I have an important bet going, and we need the Gatos community to weigh in. We just got the VERY limited edition Brian Eno vinyl box set in (Small Craft on a Milk Sea) and Phil doesn't think there are any Eno fans out there serious enough to give this beauty a new home; I disagree. What's at stake? A Ten Tables burger. Let's settle this soon; I don't want my burger to get cold. DD, AMY SEDARIS 'I LIKE YOU: HOSPITALITY UNDER THE INFLUENCE'-only $15.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, christmas song of the day, Last minute shoppers: lots of interesting vinyl will be arriving next week, including the Stooges, Holly Golightly, Amon Tobin, and Metric. Lots of books as well. And don't forget, we have GIFT CARDS that are good at both the restaurant and store!, christmas song of the day, THE BIRTHDAY PARTY 'HEE-HAW' and several other rare Birthday Party records, as well as great BBC cuts from the Smiths, Brian Eno and Pixies, among others, are waiting for YOU at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, Another new beverage we're excited about: Trabanco, a traditional Spanish cider from Asturias, made from estate grown apples. The juice is fermented with indigenous yeasts; the resulting unfiltered cider is tart and yeasty, with a wonderful woody aroma and flavor., WILD FLAG 'S/T'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY!, Beer lovers: we now have Southern Tier Krampus on draft! This is a truly remarkable lager, made with dark malts and aromatic hops, aged cold no less than 30 days. Supply of this beer is VERY limited, so don't miss your chance. Already a staff favorite., The book club book is IN, ya'll: stop by and pick up Fame: A Novel in Seven Acts by Daniel Kehlmann, and stay and buy some great vinyl for holiday presents. We've got beautiful brand new records from Vampire Weekend, Miles Davis, Leonard Cohen, Fleet Foxes, Phoenix and more., Christmas song of the day, Spend New Year's Eve with the Gatos! We'll be offering a special prix fixe menu, including a main dish of either roast lamb, hearty fish soup, or a vegetarian option. We'll be reserving all tables, with seatings at 6:00pm and 8:30pm, followed by a late night dance party with DJ Phil. How can you say no to that?, Thanks to everyone who helped us inaugurate live music at Tres Gatos last night. We plan to make this a regular event (at least twice a month) next year. Everyone who heard Joanna sing was mightily impressed, and Balam Garcia's guitar playing alone is worth a night out. They'll be playing here again next Tuesday, so mark your calendar!, christmas song of the day, Want to hear live Brazilian jazz while having a drink and eating some tapas? Come to Tres Gatos tonight to hear the fabulously talented Joanna Teters, starting at 7:30, no cover!, RADIOHEAD 'HAIL TO THE THIEF'-only $24.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Thank you to Scott Kearnan and the folks at stuff for the mention in this years 'Unwrapped' list. Still plenty of shopping days til Christmas!, Cider lovers -- we're pleased to announce that we now have Crispin Browns Lane English Cider on hand, in 16 oz cans. It is a lightly sparkling, crisp dry cider made with traditional bittersweet cider apples from the Malvern Hills in Worcestershire. It has a pleasant tartness, with a long, dry finish., Thanks to all who attended the book launch party for Sue Murad yesterday -- it was a great success! And live music lovers, please join us tomorrow at 7:30 for live music with Joanna Teters and guitarist. You'll hear Brazilian Jazz, soul, and more. And, there's no cover!, christmas song of the day, M83 'HURRY UP WE'RE DREAMING'-only $23.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, christmas song of the day, RL BURNSIDE 'BURNSIDE ON BURNSIDE'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, christmas song of the day, THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING: OCCUPY WALL STREET AND THE 99 PERCENT MOVEMENT BY THE EDITORS OF YES MAGAZINE-only $9.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, christmas song of the day, AMY WINEHOUSE "LIONESS"-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, We're excited about our new draft beer:  Fade to Black v3 from Left Hand Brewing Co.  It's a pepper porter, with dried fruit flavors, a roasty malt body, a delightful smokiness, a touch of licorice, and an unforgettable peppery finish that's perfect for cold weather. A truly unusual winter brew!, Phantom Gourmet is visiting Tres Gatos this evening (they're doing a profile piece on us). Please stop by for a drink or a bite to eat and join in the fun!, christmas song of the day, A new dessert to enjoy at Tres Gatos: a poached pear tart, with almond butter and lemon curd! And coming soon, some new beers, including Brooklyn Chocolate Stout, Full Sail Wassail (winter ale), and on tap, Fade to Black (a porter) from Left Hand Brewing Co., PINK MARTINI: A RETROSPECTIVE: new cd with 8 unreleased tracks and 48 page booklet, only $16.98 at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, WEST COAST SEATTLE BOY: A JIMI HENDRIX ANTHOLOGY- 8 LP box set with 36 page book; only $99.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos just aquired some 1800 used vinyls from a collection in Brooklyn. We'll be adding to the inventory daily. Everything from Dave Brubek and Bruce Springsteen to James Bond soundtracks and Bette Davis radio plays have been spotted so far, and we've only just scratched the surface. Stay tuned., THIS WARM DECEMBER:A BRUSHFIRE CHRISTMAS VOL. 2-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, THE SENSE OF THE ENDING BY JULIAN BARNES-only $23.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, CIVIL WARS 'BARTON HOLLOW'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY, THEN AGAIN BY DIANE KEATON-only $26.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, TRES GATOS PROUDLY PRESENTS THE CHRISTMAS SONG OF THE DAY. , The Gatos went across the street to celebrate Canary Square's one year last night, and we could've danced all night., Kick off December with a stroll through your neighborhood and a tour of 1st Thursday exhibits. This month, Tres Gatos celebrates the artwork of its staff! We hope to see you soon., RAY CHARLES 'SINGULAR GENIUS'-5 CD box set only $59.98 at Tres Gatos!, song of the day, Canary Square turns 1 year old today, and a great local band, Lars Vegas, is helping them celebrate from 10:30pm to midnight. Congratulations, Canary, on a great first year of business! From the entire Tres Gatos team., LAST NIGHT AT THE LOBSTER BY STEWART O'NAN-the Official Tres Gatos Book Club Book for this month...and we're meeting at 3pm on December 11th., Tres Gatos takes Reservations for groups of four or more. , Vinyl lovers: we're getting a new shipment of used records from Brooklyn soon! In the meantime, here are a few notables that we've just added to inventory: Miles Davis, "The Man With the Horn;" KMFDM, " Xtort;" Roland Kirk, "Kirk's Works;" Howlin' Wolf, "Chess Masters Double Album"!!!!, SHARON JONES AND THE DAP KINGS 'SOUL TIME-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, It was only a matter of time., JIMMY CLIFF 'SACRED FIRE E.P.'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day (and a message to anyone headed out to the malls and sales this weekend), Thank you to everyone who came out and made it a great Black Friday! It was a wild afternoon, and we all had a lot of fun. Remember, tommorow is Small Business Saturday, and the bar and record/bookstore will be open at 3pm, so come on out, have a drink, and spin a record. And thank you again for your support of Tres Gatos., thankful song of the day (and how we're all feeling), All the elves at Santa's record company are hard at work getting ready for Black Friday, with some help from Beach House., The countdown to Black Friday mania begins...we're open at noon tommorow, and we'll be serving hot coffee, playing the best songs of the year, and selling limited edition vinyl and cd's, with sales as far as the eye can see. We'll see you there., thankful song of the day, LOW 'CHRISTMAS'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Tres Gatos will be CLOSED for Thanksgiving day. The book and record store will open at NOON on Black Friday, with free coffee and pastries, and lots of limited edition vinyl and CDs. Happy Thanksgiving!, thankful song of the day, DUSTY SPRINGFIELD 'DUSTY IN MEMPHIS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Is your other record/ book store also a tapas restaurant, offering delicious food, wine and beer? Join us at noon on Black Friday for free coffee and pastries, limited edition vinyl, rare used vinyl, 50% off hardcovers, etc., thankful song of the day, GRAM PARSONS 'GP'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, DAMNED BY CHUCK PALAHNIUK-only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, The book club date has been set. December 11th, Sunday, 3pm. I'll post the new book when its here, but its a great read, and short. And if anybody managed to find, and wants to discuss, Popular Music from Vittula, we can certainly do that too., FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE 'CEREMONAILS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, It's a week away but we want to announce the Tres Gatos Black Friday Sale! We're going to have special Record Store Day titles, discounts and sales all over the store, some clearance stuff, a vinyl and book bonanza! We'll open at noon and have coffee and pastries for all who visit, and we hope to see you there!, thankful song of the day, A VERY SHE AND HIM CHRISTMAS-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, thankful song of the day (warning-R rated), As we approach the holidays, please keep Tres Gatos in mind for your holiday gatherings. Our "chef's table" is perfect for a party of up to 10.  And if you'd like to bring in a larger party, consider a Saturday or Sunday afternoon party (between 3 and 5:30pm). We offer a tasty bar menu, and the book/record store is open as well., LOST HIGHWAY 10TH ANNIVERSARY SAMPLER (featuring Ryan Adams, Hank Williams, Lucinda Williams and many more)-only $9.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, New on our menu -- Braised Leg of Lamb, with poached egg, spicy tomato sauce and grilled country toast.  Also a new draft beer -- Dunkelweizen by Blue Hills Brewery!, THANKFUL SONG OF THE DAY, thankful song of the day, MATADOR AT 15-only $15.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, HOT CHIP: THE REMIX LP--only $9.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, THANKFUL SONG OF THE DAY, MISSION OF BURMA 'SIGNALS, CALLS AND MARCHES'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, CAT POWER 'JUKEBOX'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, 11 22 63 BY STEPHEN KING-only $35 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, COLEMAN HAWKINS 'HAWK FLIES HIGH'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, round 2: songs about pilgrims, turkeys and indians, New on our menu: Chickpea Salad, with Fresno peppers, cilantro, lemon, and Piment d'Espelette!, TOWNES VAN ZANDT 'SELF TITLED'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, Thank you Ten Tables for the delicious green tomato soup and salmon last night. Your bar (and bartender Joe) are fantastic. DD, We're posting this article from the JP Patch for those who'd like to learn more about Jeremy, and where to find (and purchase) his beautiful--and functional--creations. DD, Thank you for the beautiful mugs, Jeremy! There's no doubt that coffee (and tea) taste better out of a handmade mug. We can't wait to display our daily tortilla espanola on one of your plattters! DD, RYAN ADAMS 'ASHES AND FIRE'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, THE JAYHAWKS-SELF-TITLED AKA THE BUNKHOUSE ALBUM-only $11.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, FIRE AND RAIN BY DAVID BROWNE-only $26.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, THE BRIDGE SCHOOL 25TH ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL-featuring Neil Young, Bruce Springsteen, Norah Jones, Fleet Foxes, Pearl Jam and dozens more, only $19.98 on CD at Tres Gatos, thankful song of the day (THAAAAAAAAAAANK YOU FOR THE DAYS), STEVE JOBS BY WALTER ISAACSON-only $35.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, thankful song of the day, Voting will be winding down soon on the DigThis awards, and your very own Tres Gatos has been nominated in the Best Tapas category. We're going up against some well-established restaurants; as the new cat on the block, we'd really appreciate your vote! Gracias! The 3 Cats Team, BLOOD MONEY BY TOM WAITS-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, The book club book is still MIA. The situation is now dire. I'm working to get copies of it into the store as soon as possible, but for the time being, if you see it or can find it in the world, do so. Again, its Popular Music in Vittula by Mikael Niemi. IN THIS WEEK-the new Steve Jobs bio by Walter Isaacson, the Journals of Spalding Gray, the new CDs from Tom Waits and Florence and the Machine, and more! Come on by!, THANKFUL song of the day, Tres Gatos has record players!, Space is running out for tomorrow night's special book release party/ cookbook-inspired menu with local author and chef Didi Emmons.  We still have a few spots for parties of 2 and more. Call 617-477-4851 to make a reservation., now its time for....SONGS OF THANKS! songs with 'thank' in the title, littered with a few turkey songs, all the way to turkey day. as always, we accept your ideas and suggestions!, Costume party plus tapas plus Tom Waits. Go., spooooky song of the day, Spend Halloween with the crazy cats at Tres Gatos! Wear a costume and get any three members of the Gatos staff to vote it as worthy, and you'll receive an order of free pinchos (pepitas, almonds, pickles,etc) for your party  and a free record from our freebies bin! Dream big, think crazy, and impress us with your costume prowess! And tell the DJ if you've got any Halloween tune requests., Monsters! We have a new beer on tap just in time for Halloween -- Ommegang Adoration, a Belgian winter ale, weighing in at a hefty 10% ABV, dark, malty and beautifully spiced. For a limited time only..., VAN MORRISON 'THE BANG SESSIONS'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, CURTIS MAYFIELD 'SUPERFLY'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, THE PORTABLE DOROTHY PARKER EDITED BY MARION MEADE---only $20 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, spoooooky song of the day
, This is not normally a place where you'll read about baseball, unless it concerns the Sox, but I hope some of you gatos got to watch game 6 last night. Truly amazing! DD, TOM WAITS 'BAD AS ME'-only $22.98 in Vinyl/CD package at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, Tres Gatos has been nominated for a Weekly Dig "DigThis Award" for Best Tapas! If you'd like to vote for us, go to Weeklydig.com.  Muchas gracias!, We're thinking of ordering some VERY LIMITED (meaning around 500 worldwide) Birthday Party re-releases for Record Store Day. Anyone in the mood for some Nick Cave-ean darkness? If so, please let us know. DD, DIDI EMMONS 'WILD FLAVORS' is at Tres Gatos now!, BOOK CLUB MEMBERS-The book is still back-ordered, and I am working on a quick solution, as we are approaching the next Book Club Meeting Date. In the meantime, we've got the new Didi Emmons in stock, as well as the new Murakami. We also just received the new vinyls from M83 and Dum Dum Girls, as well as some old favorites from Fleet Foxes, Jeff Buckley, The National and many more. Stop in tonight and spin a tune or two!, spooooky song of the day (in honor of the new Tom Waits album, Bad As Me. The CD is at Tres Gatos now, and the vinyl should arrive Friday, just in time for Halloween., oh, by the way...we've got 1Q84 by Haruki Murakami, which is already being called 'grandest work of world literature since Roberto Bolaño's 2666' in the press., THE MISFITS 'COLLECTION II'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, One of our favorite fall beers, Cape Ann Brewing Company's Pumpkin Stout, is now back in stock. Flavored with real pumpkin, nutmeg, cinnamon and allspice; not too much pumpkin, just the right stoutness!, We're now taking reservations for our special dinner event with author Didi Emmons next Wednesday Nov 2, including parties of two! Chef Marcos Sanchez will offer a menu inspired by Didi's new book, "Wild Flavors," and Didi will go table to table describing her experience on Eva's Farm, cooking with herbs, etc. 617-477-4851., spooooky song of the day *NARROWLY beating White Zombie Im Your BoogieMan*, THE FINANCIAL LIVES OF POETS BY JESS WALTER-only $14.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Celebrate Halloween at Tres Gatos! Get a free pincho (Marcona almonds, housemade pickles, pepitas, or olives) on the house, as well as a record from our freebie bin, if your party comes dressed in costumes that we deem worthy. Let's see who can scare our bartender the most!, SPOOOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, VELVET UNDERGROUND 'AND NICO'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!, spoooky song of the day, TOM WAITS 'THE EARLY YEARS VOLUME 1'-onlt $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, spooooky song of the day, LEONARD COHEN 'DEATH OF A LADIES MAN'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, WILCO 'YANKEE HOTEL FOXTROT'-only $24.98 on vinyl and $18.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, The Tres Gatos Book Club announces our new book, Popular Music from Vittula, but sadly it is backordered this week. We hope to get copies in by this weekend, and at the very worst next Wednesday. In the meantime, we got a sizeable book and record order in today, and we'd love for you to come check it out!, spoooky song of the day, Wine lovers! We urge you to visit the JP Blanchards for their Annual Fall Wine Tasting from 6 to 9pm tomorrow (Wednesday). This is a great chance to try 100 or so wines from around the globe, AND sample tasty bites from Tres Gatos. Address is 741 Centre Street. We are proud to be a part of this fantastic neighborhood tradition., MODEST MOUSE 'GOOD NEWS FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE BAD NEWS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, spoooky song of the day, Here's a sneak preview of Didi's beautiful new book, "Wild Flavors."  Didi will be making a guest appearance at Tres Gatos on Wednesday November 2, going table to table to discuss her experience at the farm, using fresh ingredients, etc. Head chef Marcos Sanchez will create a menu inspired by Didi's book. Please join us for an unforgettable night! More details to come..., THE PHILOSOPHY OF ANDY WARHOL BY ANDY WARHOL-only $14.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!!!, spoooky song of the day, JOHNNY CASH 'AT SAN QUENTIN'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!, Thanks to everyone for coming out to book club! Time to put 'Friends of Eddie Coyle' back on the shelf for a while, but we sure had fun! The new Tres Gatos Book Club Book will be announced on Wednesday. Stay tuned., spooooky song of the day, TRES BY ROBERTO BOLANO- only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!!!, spooooky song of the day, DUM DUM GIRLS 'ONLY IN DREAMS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, spoooky song of the day, Thanks to Robert Nadeu for giving Tres Gatos a thumbs-up review in the Boston Phoenix! While we never set out to be a strictly traditional Spanish tapas joint, we're pleased that our guests from Spain have also given our menu high marks, including the Tortilla Espanola, which is as iconically Spanish as a dish can be., New beers at Tres Gatos: on tap, Milk Stout by Left Hand Brewing company, featuring roasted malt and coffee flavors, and a luscious creaminess imparted by the addition of milk sugar. We're also really excited about the Punkin Ale by Dogfish Head (in bottle), a delicious brown ale with hints of pumpkin and brown sugar. Both amazing fall beers., UNDERWORLD BY DON DELILLO-only $17.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, GREAT SHARK HUNT BY HUNTER THOMPSON-only $18.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SPOOOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, It's new record and book day! From Bonnie Prince Billy to Roberto Bolano, from Hunter Thompson to the Dum Dum Girls, all the big hitters are here to stay! Come on by!, New on the menu, a Spanish classic: pulpo (octopus), with EVOO, lemon, parsley, sea salt, sherry vinegar, and pimenton.  Try with La Cana, a new Albarino from Rias Baixas., GIVE 'EM ENOUGH ROPE BY THE CLASH-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spoooky song of the day, We've got some exciting new vinyl in, including the newest from St.Vincent and Dan the Automator, as well as classics from Johnny Cash, The Beastie Boys, and more!, COLLECTOR'S HISTORY OF AMERICAN BLUES-4 LPs featuring Charlie Parker, Memphis Slim, Leadbelly, Fats Waller, Billie, Ella, Louis and tons more....only 20 dollars used at Tres Gatos!!!, spoooky song of the day, MERRIWEATHER POST PAVILION BY ANIMAL COLLECTIVE-only $24.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SPOOOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, THE LEFTOVERS BY TOM PEROTTA-only $25.99 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SPOOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, IRON AND WINE 'OUR ENDLESS NUMBERED DAYS'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooooky song of the day, WILDWOOD BY COLIN MELOY (THE DECEMBERISTS)-only 17.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SPOOOOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, It's a beautiful First Thursday, Susan Hardy Brown is displaying her work, we're taking requests and spinning the hits, and we hope to see you tonight!, Fish lovers: try our new Red Snapper a la Plancha, with French lentils and parsnip puree!, BELLE AND SEBASTIAN 'THE BOY WITH THE ARAB STRAP-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spoooooooky song of the day, Our executive chef Marcos Sanchez reveals the secrets for his delicious gambas dish! Thanks to how2heroes for visiting us at Tres Gatos. , FEIST 'METALS'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!!, SPOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, Thanks to Kara Baskin and Grub Street for including Tres Gatos in this small plates feature. We're honored to appear among such great company!  , THE KINGS OF LEON 'HOLY ROLLER NOVOCAINE'-only $9.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, spooky song of the day, Tres Gatos will be closed from 6 to 8 pm tonight for a sold-out fundraiser for Hyde Square Task Force.  We will be open from 8 to 10 pm with a special, limited menu. The store will be open from 5:30 to 10pm. Thank you!, Thought you all might be interested in the best selling vinyl of the year: so far, Adele is far in the lead, being trailed by Florence and the Machine, Danger Mouse/Jack White, Pheonix, Amy Winehouse, Fleet Foxes and TV On The Radio. Of the older albums, Bob Dylan holds the lead, followed quickly by Kate Bush, Neutral Milk Hotel, Jeff Buckley and Leonard Cohen. Thanks to everyone for their support in the vinyl revolution!, FISKADORO BY DENIS JOHNSON-only $13.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SPOOKY SONG OF THE DAY, YEAH YEAH YEAHS 'SHOW YOUR BONES'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SPOOKY SONG OF THE DAY (new theme going all the way to Halloween), We're excited about a new dessert on our menu: Roasted Honeycrisp Apple with oatmeal molasses stuffing, ginger, and vanilla bean ice cream. Put the Red Sox behind you and celebrate the taste of fall!, READY PLAYER ONE BY ERNEST CLINE-only $24.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, THE LAST BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, WILCO IS HERE! The new Wilco album has arrived on vinyl and it is the one to beat this year, in our view. Also in: Danger Mouse/Jack White, Nico, Billie Holiday, Howlin' Wolf and more! Stop in!, After having gone through the hearing process ourselves, we at Tres Gatos know how important it is to show support for a new business. Please consider attending one or both of the upcoming hearings for "Streetcar Wine and Beer," which plans to open just down the block from us. We've met Mike and we believe he and his business will be a great addition to the neighborhood. 
First hearing is next Monday at 7pm at 111 Perkins Street. 2nd is next Tuesday at 7pm at Rogerson House (434 Jamaicaway)., ''FRIENDS OF EDDIE COYLE'' BY GEORGE HIGGINS, THE TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB BOOK, IS BACK IN STOCK. THE BOOK CLUB MEETS IN THE RED ROOM AT 3PM ON SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16TH, YA'LL!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, We're excited about a new salad on our menu:  mustard green and mizuna, with EVOO poached tuna, shaved fennel, caper dressing, and pepitas!, THE DEVIL IN THE KITCHEN BY MARCO PIERRE WHITE-only $15.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, the new Wilco CD is here! The vinyl is expected tommorow or Friday, and I'll keep you posted...we got two and sold them in minutes! In the meantime, we've got some hot new vinyl from The Strokes, Adele, Neutral Milk Hotel, TV On the Radio, MGMT and more!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, MIA 'KALA'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, NEW SONG BY WILCO!!!, NEW WILCO ALBUM TOMMOROW! on cd and vinyl...as for today, we've got the Book Club Book, the incredible Friends of Eddie Coyle by George Higgins, back in stock, and we're spinning by request tonight., MILES DAVIS '..AND HORNS 1951-53'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, book song of the day, VINYL NEWS-we've got some great new stuff in! We just aquired some prime Miles Davis, Radiohead, MIA, Yeah Yeah Yeahs and more! and with any luck, we will have the new Wilco on vinyl and CD on Wednesday! Stop in!, Thank you to all those who visited Tres Gatos for Open Studios this weekend! The staff, and our very talented artist, Diana, enjoyed hosting you., WILLIAM FAULKNER 'THE SOUND AND THE FURY'-only $13.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, Day 2 of Open Studios rolls on....delicious pastries, hot coffee, cool books, and Phoenix on vinyl...what else do you need?, WASHED OUT 'WITHIN AND WITHOUT'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Tres Gatos is open for Open Studios, serving up pastries and coffee and taking requests...although everything seems to be heading in a defined Rod Stewart-themed direction., BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, behold the spectacle of record store manager Phil Wilcox!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, GIRLS 'FATHER, SON, HOLY GHOST'-only $15.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, Special menu addition for tonight: deviled quail eggs, with smoked pimenton, aioli, whole grain mustard and cayenne pepper! Delicious with a glass of cava, or dry fino sherry!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, A reminder that this weekend is OPEN STUDIOS in JP! We're hosting Diana Lemieux and her fantastic, gravity-defying photos. We'll be open at 11am both days with free coffee and pastries, and our bar menu, drinks, etc will be available after 3pm., BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos has new records---the brand spankin' new St. Vincent, plus some new discs from Eric Clapton and Wynton Marsalis, Girls, Ladytron and the Jayhawks. Come on in!, PAUL BOWLES 'TRAVELS'-only $16.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, THE BEATLES 'ABBEY ROAD'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, VELVET UNDERGROUND 'LOADED'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, Book song of the day/night.  -bj, AMERICA WALKS INTO A BAR BY CHRISTINE SISMONDO-only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, HANK WILLIAMS '20 GREATEST HITS'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, New vinyl order just in!!!! We've got the Beatles, Muddy Waters, Little Walter, The Beastie Boys, TV on the Radio, Hank Williams and more! stop in and take a look!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, THE BLACK KEYS "THICKFREAKNESS" only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, THE TRES GATOS BOOK CLUB SELECTION IS HERE!!! The Friends of Eddie Coyle by George Higgins just got here today, along with some classics like The Last Picture Show, The Savage Detectives and Reading Lolita in Tehran. We also have the NEW STEPHEN MALKMUS record in stock, as well as some classics, old and new, by everyone from Miles Davis to The Black Keys. Come on by!!!, REM 'DOCUMENT'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, http://www.hydesquare.org

Tres Gatos is thrilled to host a reading by Ken Tangvik of his newly released book, "Don't Mess With Tanya," on Monday, October 3 from 6-8 pm. 

Tickets - $45 pre-purchase | $50 at the door (includes selected tapas menu and one wine/beer)  
                  
To buy a ticket, send a check payable to "Hyde Square Task Force" to Karen Boss, Tres Gatos Night, HSTF, PO Box 301871, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130 or go to the HSTF website and click "donate now."

Thank you!, GUNS, GERMS AND STEEL BY JARED DIAMOND-only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, DUM DUM GIRLS 'HE GETS ME HIGH'-only $12.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, Thank you to everyone for making this Book Club the one to beat...so well attended, insightful and fun. You already know it if you were there, but Ill announce the new Book Club Book on Wednesday. And a reminder, our box sets are currently 25% off, so come in and pick up a ton of Ella, Radiohead, Bjork, Motown and more at a great price!------Phil, REMINDER!!! Book Club is tommorow at 3pm in the Red Room at Tres Gatos! Bring your Visit From the Goon Squad!, ADELE '19'-with digital download including bonus live acoustic EP-only $23.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, DENIS JOHNSON TRAIN DREAMS-only $18 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!!!, Pick up your copy of Richard Russo's 'The Whore's Child' at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, STEPHIN MERRITT 'OBSCURITIES'-great lost cuts from the Magnetic Fields, the 6ths, and more-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, ...and we're in Stuff Magazine again!!!!, New Book and Record Orders In: The New Denis Johnson novella 'Train Dreams', The Hunger Games Trilogy, Stephin Merritt's Obsurities on vinyl, featuring material from the Magnetic Feilds as well as his various side projects, and a beautiful new pressing of A Love Supreme by John Coltrane. Something for everyone!, TOM WAITS 'SWORDFISHTROMBONES'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, NIM CHIMPSKY: THE CHIMP WHO WOULD BE HUMAN BY ELIZABETH HESS-only $15.00 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos is open today (Labor Day) from 5:30pm to 10pm. Tomato lovers, we recommend you try our new Pan con Tomate, which we serve with grilled Halloumi cheese and fresh basil.  Happy Labor Day everyone!, SUN RA 'SOUND SUN AND PLEASURE'-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, THE GREEN ALBUM-songs from and inspired by The Muppet Show-only $15.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!!!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY, BILLIE HOLIDAY 'ESSENTIAL RARE RECORDINGS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY!!!, Staying in town this weekend? We'll be open our regular hours, including Monday. And we're excited about two new items on our menu: sauteed calf's liver with glazed pearl onions, Pedro Ximenez reduction, and parsley and lemon; and for dessert, housemade vanilla ice cream with sherry.  Happy Labor Day weekend!, "DOUBLE INDEMNITY' BY JAMES M. CAIN(thanks Lisa haha)-only $13.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, PHIL SAYS: One of the all time great crime novels of the 20th Cenutry is being brought to the stage this year by some truly innovative people, and guess what? They just got a shout out from Elmore Leonard, the King of the Pulp Crime Novel. Go to their website and find out how you can become a Friend of Eddie Coyle!!!
, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY!, JOHN COLTRANE 'SUN SHIP'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY!!!, 'THE LAST PICTURE SHOW' BY LARRY MCMURTY-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!!, We got a wonderful vinyl order in today....the new Danger Mouse/Jack White is back, as well as a rare Amy Winehouse ska e.p., The Beach Boys, The Specials, Billie Holiday, John Coltrane and more...come on in and check 'em out!, BOOK SONG OF THE DAY!, JOE STRUMMER:THE FUTURE IS UNWRITTEN--only $16.98 on DVD at Tres Gatos!, NEW SONG THREAD! summer song of the day served us well, but its time to go in a different direction. SO....BOOK SONG OF THE DAY...songs about books, based on books, even a few 'bookish' songs. feel free to post your own choices! away we go!, TRES GATOS IS BACK! After a long and much needed summer siesta, topped off by a somewhat underwhelming hurricane, we're back in action, with the kitchen cookin' up a storm and the music playing all night. Stop in tonight!, Tres Gatos is going on Summer Siesta! We will be closed from tommorow, he 22nd, until Monday, August 29th. So make sure you come down and see us off tonight with gusto!! We will miss you all, and look forward to making this upcoming fall. What a summer it has been!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY (one soft infested summer, me and Terry became friends....), SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Congradulations to all the bands involved in the JP Music Festival. Dave and Phil were there, and the whole scene was very cool. Just what this neighborhoods needs. After the festival, hop into 3 Cats for some sangria and a record, and keep supporting local music!, TOMATO LOVERS: check out Allandale farm's tomato festival, today from 11am to 3pm! This is the place where Tres Gatos and Vee Vee (among others) get some of our finest produce. You can't get more locally grown than this., Just a reminder that Tres Gatos will be CLOSED for a late summer siesta from Monday 8/22 through Sunday 8/28. We'll be OPEN from 3 to 11pm today to slake the thirst and hunger of MUSIC FESTIVAL attendees, or anyone else who may be wandering around JP enjoying these fine DOG DAYS of summer., AT LONG LAST, AMY WINEHOUSE BACK TO BLACK IS IN ON VINYL!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, HOW THE STATES GOT THEIR SHAPE BY MARK STEIN-only $14.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, DR JOHN THE NIGHT TRIPPER/GRIS GRIS-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, We got a great batch of vinyl in today, including the new Danger Mouse/Jack White release, Rome, but also featuing Dr. John, Bat for Lashes, Leonard Cohen, Sun Ra and more. Come by for some sangria and to browse!, Thanks to Vee Vee for the fabulous meal last night! Loved the snap pea salad (featuring Allandale farm greens), crispy tofu, and local bass. And if you love chocolate, the fallen chocolate cake with peanut butter ice cream is a must., SATURDAY!, summer song of the day, The entire Tres Gatos team is thrilled to help sponsor the JP Music Festival. Let's get out in numbers this Saturday and support our local musicians! We'll have plenty of sangria, beer and wine on hand for those who need refreshment afterwards! Thanks to the Phoenix for helping to get the word out., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, A NOTICE to all of our friends and followers: Tres Gatos will be closed for end of summer R&R the week of Monday August 22 through Sunday August 28.  We will reopen on Monday August 29, rested and rejuvenated. Happy August, gatos!, RYAN ADAMS 'DEMOLITION'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, It's official. We're on the right track. The masses have spoken, and they say vinyl, vinyl, vinyl. Sometimes they whisper sangria, as well. Come into Tres Gatos this weekend, folks, and witness the vinyl revolution first hand!, STEVE MARTIN 'BORN STANDING UP'-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, THE SMITHS-SELF TITLED FIRST ALBUM-only $26.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, 'VISIT FROM THE GOON SQUAD' BY JENNIFER EGAN is the Book Club Book for August! Come In to Tres Gatos and Get One!, summer song of the day, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, BEIRUT 'THE FLYING CLUB CUP'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Despite the rain, the first meeting of the Tres Gatos Book Club was a smashing success! Thanks to everyone who bought the book and braved the storm. The next book club meeting will be Sunday, September 11th, at 3pm. We've got a great book lined up, and we'll announce it as soon as it's in the store., THE BLACK SWAN BY NASSIM TALEB-only $17.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Joy Division 'Peel Sessions'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, THE SOUND OF THE TOWN BY BRETT MILANO-a definitive history of local rock and roll....only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY (no literal summer connection, but definitely good for blasting off the porch with a glass of wine), New on the menu! Chicken confit served with Allandale farm sweet corn, cherry tomatoes and watercress.  Try pairing with Benito Santos, an Albarino, or Castelo do Papa, a delicious Godello., MUDDY WATERS 'ELECTRIC MUD'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, LORETTA LYNN 'VAN LEAR ROSE'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAYS, DAVID BOWIE LET'S TALK-rare interview disc sent to radio stations in 1983 in support of Let's Dance...perfect for framing...only $10 at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, SEX ON THE MOON BY BEN MEZRICH-only $26.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, KATE BUSH 'DIRECTOR'S CUT'-only $22.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos won 2nd Place in the Best Tapas category in Boston.com's A-List competition (behind Toro)! Thanks to all of you loyal gatos who voted for us. We truly appreciate your support! The Tres Gatos team., HUSKER DU 'CANDY APPLE GREY'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, summer song of the day, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, LDC SOUNDSYSTEM 'THIS IS HAPPENING-only $22.98 at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, '2030:WHAT REALLY HAPPENS TO AMERICA' BY ALBERT BROOKS-only $25.99 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Thanks to Improper Bostonian, and Canary Square chef Marco Suarez, for mentioning Tres Gatos as one of the go-to restaurants in JP!  , Soup lovers! Try our new golden cauliflower soup, featuring green romanesco cauliflower and sage.  Rich and creamy, but not at all heavy -- a great summer soup., Thanks to Stuff @ Night for your kind words about 3 Cats, and for encouraging Bostonians to check out fabulous JP!  We appreciate it. , NEKO CASE 'CANADIAN AMP'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, She was like no one else and she will be missed. , Escape summer's heat with something cool, Pavement's Wowee Zowee! on vinyl for $15.98., SONG OF THE DAY!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, THE NATIONAL 'BOXER'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, New menu item!  Chorizo-spiced pork meatballs, with saffron cream sauce and chimichurri.  Light, with a spicy kick., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, JENSEN 3 SPEE D TURNTABLE/AM-FM RADIO-only $65.00 at Tres Gatos!!!, PATTI SMITH 'HORSES'-only $26.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Celebrate the heat with a tasting of two distinctive Canary Island wines from Bodega Bermejos:  the white is Malvasia Seco, which boasts citrus aromas at odds with the volcanic terroir, with apple and peach on the palate; the red is 100% Listan Negro and features subtle volcanic mineral notes which contribute to the wine's exquisite finish., LADY GAGA 'BORN THIS WAY'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, RYAN ADAMS AND THE CARDINALS 'FOLLOW THE LIGHTS'-only $12.98 at Tres Gatos!!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, With the onset of serious summer heat, we've decided to adjust our hours a bit.  Monday through Friday, our dinner menu will now be available at 5:30pm. On the weekends, we will continue to offer a lighter bar menu from 3pm until 5:30pm, at which point the dinner menu will be available. The book and music store will now keep exactly the same hours as the restaurant., PAVEMENT 'WOWIE ZOWIE'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, even more summer song of the day, summer song of the day, KILL ROCK STARS 20TH ANNIVERSARY SAMPLER-only $20.00 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, summer song of the day, Are you a fan of Three Cats?  Tell your friends and neighbors by casting a vote for us as Boston's best tapas bar.  http://boston.cityvoter.com/ , STEALING REMBRANDTS BY ANTHONY M. AMORE AND TOM MASHBERG is at Tres Gatos NOW for only $25.00 in hardcover! It's truly a remarkable book, and a must for any art or true crime lover out there., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, WHISKEYTOWN 'PNEUMONIA'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, GIL SCOTT HERON 'PEICES OF A MAN'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, New on the Tres Gatos menu:  tilapia CEVICHE, with charred jalapeno, coriander, lime and cilantro. We have a number of great wines to pair it with, but we really like it with the "Portal Blanco" from Cellar Pinol, a white Garnacha from Terra Alta. A great hot weather pairing!, NINE INCH NAILS 'PRETTY HATE MACHINE'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, summer song of the day, Friends of 3 Cats -- it's the final week of voting for Boston.com's A-list competition, and we sure would appreciate your vote for Best Tapas. Thanks to all of our fans who have put us in the running for the top spot!  

, MARIANNE FAITHFULL's new album HORSES AND HIGH HEELS is only $16.98 on CD at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Song of the Day , Dye cut and retold from The Street of Crocodiles by Bruno Schulz., A Summer Song for today, in Jamaica Plain, USA. , JEFF BUCKLEY 'GRACE'-only $21.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, YEASAYER 'O.N.E.'-only $9.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, The Tres Gatos Book Club Book Has Arrived! How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe...definitely one of the weirdest and coolest books you're bound to read this summer. Come by and pick it up! Book Club is the first Sunday of August!, summer song of the day, BOB DYLAN:NO DIRECTION HOME...A FILM BY MARTIN SCORSESE-only $15.98 on DVD at Tres Gatos!!!, Tres Gatos is open once again, and we hope you all had a very wonderful 4th of July weekend. Stop in and spin some tunes, eat some good food, have a glass of wine, and try your best to remember it with us., Belated 4th of July song of the day Part 2, Belated 4th of July Song of the Day Number 1 , null, Happy 4th of July weekend!, Two items just added to our menu:  croquetas with jam and cheese (we're talking Spanish ham), served with mornay sauce, and sauteed duck livers with peppadew peppers.  We're open until 11pm tonight, closed for the 3rd and the 4th. Happy Cuatro de Julio, gatos!, 'RAVE ON: A TRIBUTE TO BUDDY HOLLY' featuring BLACK KEYS, LOU REED, FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE, and many many many more....only $16.98 at Tres Gatos!!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Tres Gatos will be closed on July 3rd and 4th so we can all go to the beach, drink sangria, dance our pants off and get a little much needed rest...so make sure you come out and see us this Saturday for an All-American night of food, fun and friends!, SUMMER SONG OF THE NIGHT, HOW TO LIVE SAFELY IN A SCIENCE FICTIONAL UNIVERSE BY CHARLES YU is officially the first Tres Gatos book club selection. They're headed for the store now, so be sure to pick one up next week. It's a fantastic, odd, challenging, funny and eccentric book, the story of a lonely time machine repairman adrift in a weird universe. More details on Book Club as they come., summer song of the day, FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE 'KCRW'S MORNING BECOMES ECLECTIC'-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, DOUGLAS ADAMS 'COMPLETE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE GALAXY' is only $20 American (Earth) dollars in paperback at Tres Gatos!, Houston, this is Gato-1. The new Bon Iver on vinyl has landed, Over., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY!!!, New cheese on the menu is already a staff favorite: Cabra Curado Berrocal from Trujillo in Extremadura.  Firm and smooth, slightly salty with grass and citrus notes. Pairs beautifully with marcona almonds, Jamon Serrano or Iberico., The long abandoned R and M BOOK CLUB is returning to Tres Gatos! We'll unveil this months book on Wednesday. Stay Tuned., RL BURNSIDE 'COME ON IN'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, CHEESE LOVERS: we highly recommend a visit to our friends at the Boston Cheese Cellar in Rozzie Square (www.bostoncheesecellar.com) for a great selection of cheeses and other goodies, and knowledgable, courteous service. Please consider voting for them in the Boston.com's A-list contest. FYI, we just sampled a goat's cheese from Murcia, Spain and LOVED it! , summer song of the day, Ana's Summer Song of the Night, Live at the Sahara Tahoe by Isaac Hayes. Free LP with a purchase of any new item!, JOE STRUMMER 'STREETCORE'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, BOOK LOVERS:  check out our 50% off shelf, featuring books that were lightly damaged during our renovation, including fiction, history, nature & science, and adventure., BETWEEN PARANTHESES BY ROBERTO BOLANO-only $24.98 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, TYLER THE CREATOR 'GOBLIN'-only $21.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, We're honored to be nominated in the Best Tapas category at www.boston.com/alist. Currently, we're in 4th place out of 14 contenders, and we'd appreciate your votes! Thank you all for your continued support and enthusiasm! , SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY!!!, We've got the new Beastie Boys and Booker T and the Roots on vinyl, plus MGMT, The Replacements, Neko Case and more!! Come on down for some sangria and some tunes!, BAUHAUS 'IN THE FLAT FIELD'-only $24.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, RIP Clarence Clemons. He singlehandedly brought the sax back into pop music, and he did all of it while looking damned dapper. His autobiography, BIG MAN:  REAL LIFE AND TALL TALES, is on sale at Tres Gatos for $26.99. A great, funny, warm read from one of the all time greats. Goodbye, Big Man., FATHER'S DAY IS TOMMOROW!!!!! this is your last chance to pick up a fantastic gift at Tres Gatos, like this Roy Orbison CD Box Set for $59.98. It's got all the hits and a lot of great rarities and includes his work with the Travelling Wilburys., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Father's Day is now hours away....pick your dad up something cool at Tres Gatos! How about Mississippi John Hurt on vinyl for $21.98!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Father's Day approaches...it's looming, everyone...why not get your Pops a present he'll love, like Larry Bird/Magic Johnson's fantastic memoir, When the Game was Ours, only $15.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, summer song of the day, In our ongoing effort to support the VINYL REVOLUTION, Tres Gatos is now offering a free USED record for every NEW record, book or CD purchased.  While supplies last!, The countdown to Father's Day rolls on....Bruce Springsteen "Magic" on vinyl is only $22.98 at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, THE MARCH TO FATHER'S DAY CONTINUES....TOM WOLFE'S 'THE RIGHT STUFF' IS ONLY 16 DOLLARS IN PAPERBACK, AND YOUR DAD WILL LOVE IT!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, Father's Day is right around the corner. Take your dad to Tres Gatos and buy him a beer or a book, or maybe a gift card so he can can do both! We've got dad friendly presents like the Best of the Johnny Cash Show 1969-71 for $15.98 on DVD. It's got performances from Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Joni Mitchell, Creedence Clearwater Revival, and of course, the Man in Black himself., SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, The book and record store has new hours! We now open at 3pm, the same time as the bar. Come on in, cue up a request with the DJ, grab a book and sit down at the bar for a glass on sangria. Sunny days are here again., Fans of Albarino (a delicious white from Rias Baixas in the northwest corner of Spain), we recommend that you try our 2010 Benito Santos, which is clear and bright, with aromas of peach and tropical fruit. A perfect summer white!, GO TO THIS LINK AND VOTE FOR BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN TO PLAY WITH THE BOSTON POPS ON THE 4TH OF JULY!!!! 'BORN IN THE USA' ON THE ESPLANADE? YES, PLEASE. ALSO, HIS BIGGEST CURRENT COMPETITION IS LADY ANTEBELLUM....SO, FOR ALL OUR SAKES, VOTE FOR THE BOSS!, BICYCLE DIARIES BY DAVID BYRNE-only $16.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY, FRIENDLY FIRES 'PALA-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY-RAIN EDITION, Minimal cover art, maximum sound, $20.98, Thurston Moore's latest, Demolished Thoughts--double album--colored vinyl for $24.98!, Pretty & complex, this album is here waiting for you to unearth it, $15.98, EATING ANIMALS BY JONATHAN SAFRAN FOER-only $14.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, NEW SONG THREAD-SUMMER SONGS-songs to sit in the kiddie pool with. songs to listen to on the way to the beach. songs to drink sangria on our gorgeous patio to. SUMMER SONG OF THE DAY., MY MORNING JACKET 'CIRCUITAL'-only $21.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, its almost 100 degrees. its summer. lets dance., A quintessential reference for music enthusiasts, $16.00., Persue love in a warm climate, biography style. Nancy Mitford's Madame de Pompadour bound as the New York Review Books Classics edition, $17.95., ROXY MUSIC 'FOR YOUR PLEASURE'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, THE DEVIL AND SHERLOCK HOLMES BY DAVID GRANN-only $15.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!!!, food and drink song of the day, Try our new Almond Cake with port-poached Bing cherries and lavender ice cream. Also new, Crispy Confit of Chicken Thigh with chickpea puree, pine nuts and golden raisins (and broccoli rabe fresh from Allandale farm!)., REM 'DOCUMENT'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, BROKEN BELLS-SELF TITLED-only $22.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, New on our patio lunch menu: house made Pork Rillette, and Mussels with chorizo, sherry fino and garlic!, Fiddles knows one of the best places to be!, Take your pick, great titles, all priced to go home with you. $1.00 each!, Hot Wax, $18.98!, R CRUMB'S HEROES OF BLUES, JAZZ AND COUNTRY-only $21.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, Its a beautiful day! We've still got 1 dollar books and free CDS, we've got new vinyl from Tom Waits, Suicide, The Postal Service, Elliot Smith, James Brown and more, plus new CDs from Eddie Vedder, Death Cab for Cutie and Lady Gaga..come on down!, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, 1st Thursday update:  Please stop by tonight to check out the fantastic CAT ART of Sofia Gargiulo, daughter of Rich Gargiulo, who created our distinctive patio (aka "catio"). Sofia's catwork actually inspired Rich to build the patio in the shape of a cat, and for that, we owe her our eternal gratitude. Sofia's artwork will be on display for the entire month of June. Enjoy!, DONT MESS WITH TANYA BY KEN TANGVIK-only $14.95 at Tres Gatos!!!, food and drink song of the day, Thanks to Lauren at the Daily Beast for featuring us as one of the 'Top  Hottest New Resteraunts' in the country!!!, PAUL SIMON 'SO BEAUTIFUL OR SO WHAT?'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Tres Gatos hopes you had a lovely Memorial Day! and Now, come on in and enjoy a tremendous batch of $1 CDs and books, as well as free vinyls on our stoop. Get out of the heat, spin a record or two, and if you come after 3, enjoy a frosty beer while you do it!, food and drink song of the day, Tres Gatos proudly supports local author John Cotter and his new book, "Under the Small Lights"...find it here!, food and drink song of the day, Song for Sunday, 80 degrees and counting! , An interesting and beautiful look into the life of an interesting and beautiful woman. $35 at Tres Gatos. Your coffee table is craving this book of style., RIP GIL SCOTT HERON., food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, Thank you Grubstreet for spreading the word about our patio. By the way, lunch is available only on the weekends at this point, though a bar menu is available on the patio (and indoors) from 3-5pm Monday through Friday. , DD blows the 5 o'clock dinner vuvuzela..., Picture drinking sangria here on a warm summer afternoon..., Our garden patio is officially open!, The face of our "catio"..., Leah, when are you coming back?, Leave Phil alone when he's eating meatballs..., We miss ya Jay..., Stef and Kate..., Jackie and Lucinda..., Her first Record Store Day purchase!, THE HANDMAID'S TALE BY MARGARET ATWOOD-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, WILD GIFT BY X-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, BOB DYLAN REVISITED BY 13 ARTISTS-only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, TOM JONES 'PRAISE AND BLAME'-only $10.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, Attention Crab Lovers: we've just added New England Crab Cannelloni to our menu! It features celery root, chervil and arugula, and is delicious with a rose or Albarino, especially out on our new patio., TRIED BY WAR BY JAMES M. MCPHERSON-only $17.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, PATTI SMITH GROUP RADIO ETHIOPIA-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, We've got the new Cars on vinyl, as well as Black Keys, Dusty Springfield, the Faces and more. Also, Tres Gatos would like to thank everyone who supported Ken Tangwik and his book, "Don't Mess With Tanya". We sold out over the weekend, but we will be getting more soon!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, Who has got an open patio? WE'VE GOT AN OPEN PATIO!, Starting today, Tres Gatos is now OPEN FOR LUNCH at noon on the weekends! Offering pinchos, charcuterie and cheeses, bibb lettuce salad, tortilla espanola, salt cod brandade, two delicious bocadillos and more.  Book and music store open all day..., food and drink song of the day, 'THE FLAVOR BIBLE' BY KAREN PAGE-only $35.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SLEIGH BELLS 'TREATS'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, UNBEARABLE LIGHTNESS OF BEING BY MILAN KUNDERA-only $16.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, LOU REED 'BERLIN' LIVE AT ST. ANN'S WAREHOUSE-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, 'INDEPENDENCE DAY' BY RICHARD FORD-only $14.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, M WARD 'POST WAR'-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, TOO BIG TO FAIL BY ANDREW ROSS SORKIN-only $32.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, THE HORRIBLE TRUTH ABOUT BURMA BY MISSION OF BURMA-only $11.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day for Tuesday , food and drink song of the day for Monday (sorry, everybody, I was sick!-PW), Electronic gift cards are now available at Tres Gatos, good at both the restaurant and book & music store!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, Looking forward to the fresh tastes of summer?  Try our new Bibb lettuce salad, featuring thumbelina carrots, watermelon radishes, fine herbs, and a light but flavorful ajo blanco vinaigrette., WATER FOR ELEPHANTS BY SARA GRUEN-only $14.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, BON IVER 'FOR EMMA, FOREVER AGO'-only $17.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, We've got the new Okkervil River on vinyl, the new My Morning Jacket CD single for 2 dollars a pop, plus The Jam, Rancid, Billie Holiday, X, Pearl Jam and more!, food and drink song of the day, SWIMMING TO CAMBODIA BY SPALDING GRAY-only $12.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, GRAM PARSONS-GRIEVOUS ANGEL-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, ZEITOUN BY DAVE EGGERS-only $15.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, RAY LAMONTAGNE 'TROUBLE'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, OUR NOISE-THE STORY OF MERGE RECORDS BY VARIOUS AUTHORS-only $18.98 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, 'EVIL URGES' BY MY MORNING JACKET-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, CROSLEY CR704 TURN-TABLE-plays 33s,45s,78s, CDS and cassettes, with ipod plug in-ONLY $198.99 AT TRES GATOS!, THE MALTESE FALCON BY DASHIELL HAMMETT-only $13.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, WASHINGTON SQUARE SERENADE BY STEVE EARLE-only $18.99 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, 'TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA' BY RICHARD BRAUTIGAN-only $13.95 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, WANDA JACKSON 'THE PARTY AINT OVER' produced by Jack White-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, taking a break from food and drink songs to dedicate this one to all the lovely mothers out there. Happy Mothers Day! Mom song of the day., Chocolate fans:  today is the final day of the Boston Bakes fundraiser benefiting breast cancer research at Dana Farber.  All the proceeds from our CHURROS sales this week will go to Dana Farber! Thanks to all those who have supported this important cause! The Tres Gatos team., COAL: A HUMAN HISTORY BY BARBARA FREESE-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!!!, KATE BUSH 'HOUNDS OF LOVE' COLLECTOR'S EDITION 10 INCH-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, LAST NIGHT AT THE LOBSTER BY STEWART O'NAN-only $13.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, VELVET UNDERGROUND 'WHITE LIGHT/WHITE HEAT'- only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!!!, food and drink song of the day, DR TATIANA'S SEX ADVICE FOR ALL CREATION BY OLIVA JUDSON-only $16.00 at Tres Gatos!!, HANK WILLIAMS 'TIMELESS' TRIBUTE ALBUM (featuring Johnny Cash, Beck, Lucinda Williams and many more)-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, new vinyl from billie holiday, panda bear, gram parsons, she and him, chet baker, robert johnson, bright eyes, eels, and much much more!!!, GALAXIE 500 'ON FIRE'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, 'IN THE GARDEN OF BEASTS' BY ERIK LARSON-only $26.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day (Notorious BIG sampled this for his hit 'Juicy', which is the co-food and drink song of the day), 'LOST HIGHWAYS' BY PETER GURALNICK-only $16.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, THE BLACK KEYS-BROTHERS-only $26.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, CHARLIE PARKER 'BIRD AT ST.NICK'S'-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MARK TWAIN-only $34.95 at Tres Gatos!!!, food and drink song of the day!!!!, food and drink song of the day, New on the menu tonight: almond cake with muscatel-roasted rhubarb and lavender ice cream!, SUNDAY-for 45 Night this week, we are starting a new Tres Gatos tradition-ROCK T SHIRT NIGHT. everyone who wears a rock band t-shirt to Tres Gatos on Sunday between 5-10 will get to choose from a treasure trove of free CDS!, Who wants a Jensen 3 speed turntable with AM/FM radio? This thing is a beauty, and its waiting for you!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day-Jeff Buckley 'Alligator Wine' Screaming Jay Hawkins cover, We've got the new Fleet Foxes on vinyl, as well as some prime releases by Charlie Parker, the Silver Jews, Van Morrison and Joy Division. See you all this weekend!, food and drink song of the day, It just came to my notice that we have exactly 666 fans on our page.  Please someone find another fan for us quick so we can move on to a more favorable number. We cats tend to be a superstitious lot. Much love  - DD, Thanks to everyone who made reservations for tonight's Dining Out for Life event, an international annual fundraising event taking place in over 55 cities. 25% of our proceeds from today will go directly to AIDS Action Committee! We're proud to be a part of this important event, and thanks for your support. DD, food and drink song of the day, Thanks to the Boston Globe for such a lovely article; the staff read it as a group, and there was a feeling of pride and accomplishment that brought the sun out on a cloudy day. , We've got the new TV on the Radio on vinyl, the new Cars single on 45, the new Paul Simon, Steve Earle and Emmylou Harris on CD, and Rapscallion on draft! come on by!, food and drink song of the day, We've got some great records free for the taking on our stoop, and the Cat-tio (cat patio) is nearly done...stop in today and see what's new with your friendly neighborhood Gatos., food and drink song of the day!, Hope everyone has a great holiday, and thanks to everyone who came to MassArt to see our booth at the Get Together, and we hope to see you this week for more sangria, empanadas, Neil Young and Neil Gaiman!, food and drink song of the day, Dine with Tres Gatos this Thursday, April 28, and 25% of proceeds will go to help AIDS Action Committee provide HIV/AIDS care and prevention for thousands of people throughout Greater Boston. Thanks to Dining Out for Life for their great work!, come and see DJ Phil Noir at the Tres Gatos booth, from noon to seven tonight!, food and drink song of the day, The little store that could.........just did (in color!), SEXY MALE MODELS AT TRES GATOS!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, We've got some brand-spankin' new vinyl by Black Sabbath, Beck, Brian Eno, Ryan Adams, Jay-Z, Miles, The Rolling Stones and more!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, TRES GATOS is closed for a deep clean and staff meeting today. We will be back with regular hours. We do, however, have HUNDREDS of records we're giving away for free on our stoop. Please stop by and Happy Patriot's Day!, food and drink song of the day, ...somebody just got their very first record...., Thanks to everyone who visited the 3 Cats on RSD! We had a great time and hope you did too. Same place same time next year!!!, food and drink song of the day, bah bah bah bum bum bah bah!!!!! RECORD STORE DAY IS HERE!!!!!!!!!!!, food and drink song of the day, RECORD STORE DAY TOMMOROW!!!! you will not believe your eyes and ears!, Record Store Day is soon approaching. Saturday at noon, we'll have rare and hard to find titles all over the store, the wine will be flowing, and we WILL be taking requests. We hope to see you there!, food and drink song of the day, MEDIA BLITZ! PART 3, MEDIA BLITZ! PART 2, MEDIA BLITZ! PART 1, NO RESERVATIONS BY ANTHONY BOURDAIN-only $34.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, THE BEACH BOYS 'PET SOUNDS'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, DEATH OF BUNNY MUNRO BY NICK CAVE-only $15.00 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, LOST IN TRANSLATION SOUNDTRACK-only $29.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Massive vinyl shipment today, folks! Adele, Gang of Four, Nirvana, Danger Mouse, Wu Tang Clan, Howlin' Wolf, The Jesus and Mary Chain and so much more!, food and drink song of the day, THE INFORMATION BY JAMES GLEICK-only $29.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, THE KOOKS 'KONK'-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, It behooves us to once again thank all of the people, in JP and beyond, who have come out and supported us since we opened. The entire staff is truly greatful for the warm reception, and we hope to see all of you in the near future, particularly on Record Store Day this weekend.-PW, food and drink song of the day, EASY RIDER AND RAGING BULLS by Peter Biskind-only $18.00 at Tres Gatos!, DEAD MAN'S BONES S/T-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, THE BEASTIE BOYS 'PAUL'S BOUTIQUE'-only $22.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, 'IMPERIAL BEDROOMS' BY BRET EASTON ELLIS-only $24.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, SHELBY LYNNE 'JUST A LITTLE LOVIN''-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, Werner Herzog's "Conquest of the Useless"-only 14.99 in paperback at Tres Gatos!, KE$HA 'ANIMAL'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, UNFAMILIAR FISHES BY SARAH VOWELL-only $25.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, BIG STAR "#1 RECORD"-only $14.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Vinyl Mania! Beastie Boys, Jay-Z, Jackson 5, The Strokes, White Stripes, Camera Obscura and many many more! We're winning more than Charlie Sheen and the Red Sox put together!, food and drink song of the day, 'THE PALE KING' BY DAVID FOSTER WALLACE-only $27.99 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, JACKIE BROWN SOUNDTRACK-only $13.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, We've got vinyls from Pearl Jam, Okkervil River, Bob Marley, Eminem and more, not to mention Purple Rain on DVD and Brother Thelonious on draft!, null, food and drink song of the day, THE THANK YOU ECONOMY-only 25.99 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, JUSTIN TOWNES EARLE 'MIDNIGHT AT THE MOVIES-only $16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, Our house made Sangria will make its debut this week!! Also a few new beers on Tap! come check them out, WILSON PICKETT 'IN THE MIDNIGHT HOUR'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, ANDRE DUBUS III "TOWNIE"-only $25.95 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, JOHN WATERS 'ROLE MODELS'-only $25.00 in hardcover at Tres Gatos!, MIA 'KALA'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, We just started putting in our patio...then as it sometimes does around April 1 in Boston, it snowed...but back to work next week.  Stay tuned, sangria lovers..., WE'RE SMASHING PRICES AND CRUSHING THE COMPETITION!, food and drink song of the day, NEW VINYL IN from Neko Case, Passion Pit, Velvet Underground, Joe Strummer and more!, JOY DIVISION 'UNKNOWN PLEASURES'-only $20.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos, food and drink song of the day, AMAZING vinyl shipment just arrived. the new Radiohead, plus Baths, Joy Division, Wire, Wilson Pickett, Gorillaz, The Clash, Bob Dylan and more. Come and check it out!, RADIOHEAD 'THE KING OF LIMBS'-only 16.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, THE CURE 'DISINTERGRATION'-only 24.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, We just added a small, but critical, item to our menu.  CHOCOLATE MARCONA ALMONDS.  And yes, they deserve all caps..., WE'VE GOT TURNTABLES!!!! also new vinyl from TV on the Radio, J Mascis, Lou Reed, Springsteen, Duke Ellington and more!, null, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, ELI PAPERBOY REED AND THE TRUE LOVES 'ROLL WITH YOU'-only $19.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, ST. VINCENT 'ACTOR'-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos, food and drink song of the day, We're just over a month old, and we've already made lots of new friends, from JP and beyond.  A hearty thanks to all of you who share our enthusiasm for great food, wine, beer, books, and music!  We hope to see you again soon.  The Tres Gatos team., NINA SIMONE 'WILD IS THE WIND'-only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, getting ready for nice weather?? we just added a delicious and refreshing Txakolina from the Basque region! Our Sangria is on the way!! r, LCD SOUNDSYSTEM- only $18.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, We've got some hot new vinyl to chase away these cold March days....Al Green, Buzzcocks, Strokes, Jay-Z, Nina Simone, the Hold Steady and the new Gang of Four, Conan O'Brien, Adele and New York Dolls on 45, and many many more. Hope to see all of you very soon!, Thanks to Heather Vandenegel for the amazing write up in the Dig! We're glad you liked the vuvuzela, Heather, and you're welcome back anytime for a Mestis and more churros. This time YOU can DJ., food and drink song of the day, DIG IT! TRES GATOS!, New vinyl now in stock from Kanye, Wavves, Kurt Vile, Bright Eyes, M Ward and more!, O BROTHER WHERE ART THOU? SOUNDTRACK-only $15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, THE STROKES 'ANGLES' ON SALE TODAY!!!!, NIKKI MANAJ 'PINK FRIDAY'- only $20.00 at Tres Gatos!, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, New vinyl from our friends at URP-Bowie and Iggy LIVE in Cleveland, 1977, Creedence, Nikki Manaj, Eels, Dark Was the Night, Bobby Womack, and much, much more! -P, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, 2 amazing new Tapas additions to our menu! Day boat striped bass/crispy skin;spring Vidalia onions and a salsa verde.  Marinated skirt steak,roasted eggplant puree and crispy shallots and garlic. YUM!! come in and try them. R, 45 NIGHT AT TRES GATOS! the weather is beautiful and crisp and the Smuttynose is flowing. We'll see you there!, food and drink song of the day, Come on in on this beautiful Saturday afternoon and try our newest draft beer, the Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale, and ask DJ Phil Noir to play your favorite song while you enjoy!, MUMFORD AND SONS 'SIGH NO MORE'-only 15.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, A quick update on our landscaping plans: W/C lift will be installed next week, and patio will follow shortly thereafter. Come spring, you'll be able to enjoy a glass of cava, beer or wine -- and some tapas -- outside, surrounded by flowers and trees! Wave to your friends on the 39 bus..., Smuttynose Old Brown Dog Ale NOW on draft at Tres Gatos!, THE SMITHS-STRANGEWAYS HERE WE COME-only 24.98 on vinyl at Tres Gatos!, Thanks to everyone for a wonderful St. Patrick's Day! We had a great time and hope you did too. We've got a good spread in the Boston Globe weekend section, new vinyl from the Smiths, Cure, Mumford and Sons, Air and more, and beautiful weather on this balmy Friday. Hopefully we see you all at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, Thanks to Devra First for the wonderful write up!, ST PATRICK'S DAY SPECIAL-17.98 at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, St.Patrick's Day!!
We'll be spinning Irish tunes all night from 5 til close, displaying our new arrival vinyls, and pouring Brother Thelonious until the well runs dry!, ROXY MUSIC 'COUNTRY LIFE'-only 20.98 at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, NEW RELEASE NIGHT-only 13.98 at Tres Gatos!, NEW RELEASE NIGHT-new vinyl from Adele, Kesha, Gil Scott Heron/Jamie XX, Broken Bells, Black Keys, and singles from Wanda Jackson, MGMT and Best Coast. Get it while it's hot!, food and drink song of the day, A massive vinyl shipment just arrived, including but not limited to The Descendents, Of Montreal, Toots and the Maytals, Motorhead, Rilo Kiley and Slint. Come on in and grab them before somebody else does!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, There's something about a bright, warm, sunny day, with the Lovin' Spoonful 'Daydream' on 45 and a room full of people bopping their heads that just puts a smile on our face. Now let's add a Brother Thelonious to the mix and make it perfect., food and drink song of the day, Thelonious Monk....jazz genius, superlative ale...enjoy them both at Tres Gatos., It took one day for the Tres Gatos team, and many of our guests, to become huge fans of 'Brother Thelonious,' a Belgian style dark strong ale. Not only is the beer superb, but North Coast donates a portion of the proceeds to the Thelonious Monk Institue of Jazz, to teach young gatos the wonders of jazz. Enjoy!, We've had a busy and exciting Friday, for sure. We got 'Brother Thelonious', a Belgian style abbey ale from North Coast. We got a shipment of Matador's best record releases, from GBV and Yo La Tengo to Lou Reed and Mission of Burma. We got a great new shipment of books in, including Andre Dubus III's new memoir, Townie. Hope to see you tonight, folks!, food and drink song of the day, Vinyl fans, put April 16 on your calendar -- it's Record Store Day, and Tres Gatos will be celebrating it all day (and a good part of the night) long! Lots of limited edition LPs and 7" releases, plus LOTS of hard to find used vinyl. Plus, we'll be playing vinyl in the tapas bar all day long..., Take a Southern Tear on draft, add empanadas, and then top it off with some Florence and The Machine on vinyl, with a Raymond Chandler paperback for good measure, and you've got an idea of the Tres Gatos business model. We hope to see you all tonight!, food and drink song of the day, Tres Gatos is open for drinks and light bar menu everyday from 3 to 5 before service starts, so come on in and join us for some afternoon treats! The book and record store is currently serving coffee and a strong diet of Zappa, Peter Wolf and M.Ward!, food and drink song of the day, NEW VINYL DAY: Chet Baker, Tom Waits, the XX, Mark Ronson, the Roots and John Legend, The Misfits, Vampire Weekend, and many more. The Victory Prima Pils is back on draft. The sun is shining. Time to make like a Gato., food and drink song of the day, Went to 2 great wine tastings yesterday. We will be adding some unique and delicious wines to our list over the next few weeks!! Including a rose Txakolina from the Basque region! Delicious,refreshing and incredibly unique!! Bet you cant drink just 1 glass. Come try them out. R, FOOD AND DRINK SONG OF THE DAY, Celebrate with us on this beautiful early-spring night with 45 Sunday, as Phil Noir DJs for the masses! Try the much-celebrated cauliflower salad and our brand new Garlic Soup! Hope springs eternal at Tres Gatos!, food and drink song of the day, We just got an order of vinyl in from Coral Gables, Florida, which doesn't have anything on us for weather right now, and it's full of amazing used vinyl! Come on in for a drink and look at our gorgeous new stock!, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, Our ever changing menu has a couple of great new addition--Roasted Cauliflower salad and Rosemary confit chicken.Along with a new white wine from Reuda[verdejo\viura blend]. R, food and drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, Thanks to the food-lovers at Just Add Cheese for their enthusiastic review! We hope to see you again soon, and just so you know, we're working on croquetas de queso, among other cheese-related treats. And, we welcome YOUR suggestions..., follow us on twitter!, NEW RELEASE vinyls from Serge Gainsbourg, Amy Winehouse, Thom Yorke, The Modern Lovers and more! And we're still doing 25 percent off CD Box Sets, which means you could take home a definitive collection of Roy Orbison, Marvin Gaye, Bjork or others! Come on in and see what everybody is buzzing about!, food and drink song of the day, Thank you to Jan Gardner of the Globe for shedding some light on our little book and record store! Next time you're in for tapas or a drink, please visit Phil, Ana or Barbara in the back to talk books and music. You won't be disappointed. DD, Thanks to everyone whose coming in during the day trying to get a meal; while we do intend to open during the afternoon at some point, we're still tinkering with the dinner service, and want to perfect it before expanding. The book and record store IS open from noon on, though, so please come in and explore!, food and drink song of the day, 45 Night at Tres Gatos!! It's back, as it was such a big hit upon its INCEPTION. DJ Phil Noir spins via one turntable, without a net! It's going to take TRUE GRIT but together we can shake WINTER'S BONE. Stay tuned for updates via THE SOCIAL NETWORK., food and drink song of the day, NEW ORDER
"Blue Monday"
w/"The Beach"
on vinyl at Tres Gatos, food and drink song of the day, null, food and drink song of the day, Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen, Katy Perry, Fleet Foxes, Booker T., Beach House, Wilco, Wanda Jackson, The Stooges and much, much more! All on 180 gram audiophile vinyl and all of them at Tres Gatos. This weekend we launch into VINYLMANIA!, We're expecting big shipments today of some amazing new vinyls and CDs, and the kitchen and bar are prepared, stocked and ready to give you a Night Out like you've never had! Hope to see you all tonight!, Food and Drink song of the day, food and drink song of the day, What an awesome first week!! And its only going to get better! We welcome your suggestions-food,wine,beer and anything else on your mind. R, Among the new vinyls in the store at the moment we can include, but not limit to: Amy Winehouse, Wilco, Lady Gaga, The Stooges, Tom Waits, Phoenix, Sonic Youth, TV on the Radio, Ratatat and many, many more! Come on down!, It's a Tuesday, which in the future will mean New Release Day at 3 Cats (meaning spankin' new vinyl and CDs, linked with menu specials)...but we're not quite geared up for it yet.  Shooting for next Tuesday.  Stay tuned..., food and drink song of the day, To all of our guests this past week -- THANK YOU for giving us a try, for being patient as we work out a few kinks, and for sharing in our enthusiasm.  We hope to see you again soon., PRESIDENT'S DAY SPECIAL: all week long, 25 percent off CD Box Sets! The Beatles, Marvin Gaye, Ella Fitzgerald, the Velvet Underground and more! The perfect addition to any collection, AND we have wine!, food and drink song of the day, Sundays at Tres Gatos are 45 DAY! We'll be playing the A/B side on some essential choices from our incredible 45 collection, by request if possible! Motown, new wave, Sun Studios and, of course, Patrick Swayze! Come on in!, food and drink song of the day, The Tres Gatos team thanks all our gracious (and patient) Saturday night guests, and we hope to see you again soon.  AND, we should mention that we forgot to list one of our favorite bottled beers on our menu... Ommegang 3 Philosophers.  One for each cat..., Borders liquidates 200 stores on the day Tres Gatos expands it's book inventory. Here comes the sun, doo doo doo doo., food and drink song of the day, Despite the workmen outside, the record store IS open, and the restaraunt will be tonight. We're putting our spanking new sign up!, food and drink song of the day, Two nights under our belt, uncorking some of the finest Spanish wines, getting foodies hooked on everything from meatballs to mackerel, sharing our eclectic vinyl selection, keeping fiction alive, making new neighborhood friends...we're loving every minute of it!, We just had a customer who worked for WLYN in Lynn in 1954 and broke Fats Domino in Boston!, food/drink song of the day, Thanks to Daily Candy for giving us a nice nod in their weekend guide!  Speaking of high grade candy, for those who like real chocolate, please try the churros. There's a rumor that one friendly guest last night used his finger to clean the bowl. Team Gatos appreciates that kind of zeal..., Thanks to all who came in on this, our opening night!  We snuck in under the radar, but had a full house nonetheless.  Hope to see more friendly faces tomorrow, and the next day, and the next..., On tap tonight... Victory Prima Pils, Ommegang Hennepin Farmhouse, Southern Tier 2x IPA, Brooklyn Chocolate Stout.  Beer drinkers, welcome!!!, The Kitchen is Open, the Draft System is working, the wine is being poured.....it's the first night of the Gatos empire, We have Best Album of the Year 'The Suburbs' by the Arcade Fire on vinyl!, No More Cat Song of the Day. This is Phase Two, people. so we begin our new feature--food and drink Song of the Day. And just as before, we begin with some Squeeze
-P.W., All Tres Gatos fans-Please check out The Globes restaurant reveiw of our neighbor Canary Square!! We even got a mention in their great reveiw. Its nice to have "quality neighbors"., Why is Kat the only one smiling here? Maybe Roy forgot to pour the rest of us seconds on that fine tempranillo..., Our chefs hard at work..., More staff tasting and testing. We've had the chefs to ourselves long enough; now we're ready to share., Thank you to Vee Vee for loaning us Bosteels glassware (the Tripel Karmeliet was a hit, by the way!), and thanks to JP Seafood for loaning us receipt paper. Small favors, big help.  We owe you both one... DD, cat song of the day, Thanks to semiURBAN for helping us to celebrate the opening of Tres Gatos!
, Please check out the great piece about Tres Gatos on Thrillist.com, and thanks to y'all for helping to spread the word about 3 Cats.
, cat song of the day...the puuuuurrrrrrr-fect day, An awesome night at Tres Gatos last night. Marcos and Lydia cooked up a storm for family and friends. General public get ready!! we are almost ready for you!! R, cat song of the day, The menu is set, the wine and beer has (mostly) arrived, the tables are set, the floors are mopped, the vinyl is cleaned, the books are shelved.  The countdown begins...., cat song of the day, The good people at Blue Hills Brewery have stepped up to the plate and are doing their best to supply us with some of their fine beer ASAP.  Will it be their IPA, their Imperial Red I.P.A., or their distinctive Black Hops?  We'll be thrilled to carry any of the above..., Yes, our Spanish wine has arrived!, Leah (still cleaning records) framed by some fantastic bottles of Spanish wine..., Phil with a rare Beach Boys 45 (note picture sleeve)..., A huge day for Tres Gatos:  we passed our final inspections, picked up our wine and beer license, and in a matter of days, will be open to the public!!!!  The countdown begins...., cat song of the day, the cats are spinning vinyl...we've played everything from johnny cash to muddy waters to leftfield...any requests?, gato azul with books..., tapas, tres gatos style..., We passed our fire inspection, now we just need to show the health dept. how squeaky clean we are, then we're off to the races.  Thank you everyone for your patience and support!  Your host, DD, The first major media story featuring Tres Gatos, which is ALMOST open. Please spread among friends, and thanks to all for your support! Look forward to seeing you all soon., cat song of the day, Tres Gatos is getting close!! We will be featuring Spanish wines from 3 of the best importers-Eric Solomon;Patrick Mata and Jose Pastor. Please come sample some of the finest Spain has to offer!, Wouldn't You Like to Be a Gato Too?, cat song of the day, Our fireplace..., Vinyl grading in progress (done by hand, not by machine).  Anybody remember Adam Ant?, The matador returns...BLUE., Phil and Leah showing love for Louis and the Beatles..., Tres Gatos staff sampling the fantastic dishes emerging from the kitchen..., Phil playing along with our still quirky (but quite versatile) sound system...I don't think this was Joni Mitchell..., Roy opens yet another bottle of wine for our quality control crew..., Some of the classics on the shelves lining the dining room..., just made it's first vinyl sale, The Mountain Goats "Life of the World to Come", to Andrew Charpentier!!!! We're rolling now!, cat song of the day CAT ARTIST, cat song of the day, Viva las cabezas de queso!, cat song of the day, cat song of the day, Well, if the recent string of storms hasn't broken the spirit of the 3 Cats, then picking our way gingerly through the thorny underbrush that is Final Inspections CERTAINLY will not.  The Cats have a thick hide, and when we emerge from the thicket, you can only imagine how excited we will be to serve you..., cat song of the day (thanks leah!), cat song of the day, Well, we've fallen behind with our inspections, but there's no thumb-twiddling at Team Gatos.  Phil and our intrepid Bennington College intern Leah were busy today cleaning and pricing more used vinyl... Everything from Adam & the Ants to Zappa.  Leah even admitted she's having vinyl dreams..., cat song of the day, Freebies at Tres Gatos, As we all watch it snow, and snow some more, the crack design team at Hamilton Hughes plots and plans the final design details for Tres Gatos.  Is it a bullfighter? A male flamenco dancer? An orange statuette? Only time will tell..., cat song of the day, Window table overlooking our snowy (but someday garden) patio..., Cat on Bourbon Street..., Our blue "common table," which is big and bold enough to handle tapas, laptops (daytime hours only), Scrabble, book group, and maybe even late night poker..., Most of our tables and chairs are in place, our front steps were completed today, the designers are busy with final touches, and we're hoping to set up our sound system tomorrow.  Oh, and another snowstorm is on the way..., cat song of the day, Our preliminary beer list, The Tres Gatos book and record squad resurrected our precious inventory from the basement today, while Chefs Sanchez and Reichert scrubbed the kitchen to prepare for this week's tastings... All we can say is, you're in for a treat...., cat song of the day, Tres Gatos bar, with freshly-finished floor..., A single lonely bottle of red, awaiting company..., The common table room, with drink rail (and a front seat view of the kitchen)..., The ceiling over our bar (yes, more doors)..., Your choice of wine or beer at one of our blue standing bars..., CAT SONG OF THE DAY, cat song of the day, Avid fans of tapas, Spanish wine, American beer, and great books and music:  stay tuned to this station as the Tres Gatos team enters the home stretch.  The countdown to OPENING DAY begins soon..., Chef Sanchez either analyzing the bouquet, or pondering the meaning of it all -- or both..., The bucolic view from standing bar #2..., Our almost-finished bar, and floors awaiting their final coat..., Lydia and Roy tasting some superb wine (note smile on Roy's face)...,  cat song of the day, Our furniture has arrived!  We won't have to open as an all-standing bar after all., A row of lights over one of our standing bars, which will transport you to spain even as you're chatting with a new found friend in Jamaica Plain..., Bar stool belonging to one Ron MacLean, who is already in search of a brass nameplate because he's not really willing to share (he's arguably claimed the best seat in the house, and to be honest, he claimed it fair and square)..., A mercury glass pendant hanging over the bar..., All the dining room pendant lights were hung today.  Note the random bubbles in the glass... like a good Spanish cava..., cat song of the day
CAT ARTISTS
John COUGAR Mellencamp, Our tabletops and bar stools are on an unmarked, broken-down truck somewhere between NJ and Boston, but we're not worried... maybe for the first week or so, ALL of Tres Gatos will be a standing bar..., CAT SONG OF THE DAY, Intrepid store manager Phil Wilcox braving dust (and devils) in the Tres Gatos basement, preparing piles of precious vinyl for your listening pleasure., No, this is not a biohazard zone.  It's the hard workers from Celtic working to complete our granite front steps in frigid temps., Throw snow at us, throw sleet and freezing rain, below zero temps, but the Tres Gatos team continues to work diligently toward our opening, which now looks more like 1st week of Feb. than last week of Jan.  Keep the faith!, Q:what is the basement filled with?
A: Yes, Bruce?, CAT SONG OF THE DAY, I keep coming back to this idea that this is one of the most important books of our times, and it should be a must for every fan of music or literature. 
-Phil, CAT SONG OF THE DAY
(absence of cats song), Some of our books waiting (desperately) to be re-shelved..., What the Tres Gatos team drank last night..., Inspiration..., CAT SONG OF THE DAY
EARTHA KITT(Y), Chefs Marcos Sanchez and Lydia Reichert (backs to press corp) address an admiring crowd of samplers, tasters, and testers..., Goodbye sawdust, hello olive oil (Phil, is that a country song? Maybe Dolly Parton?), This news flash deserves all caps: TRES GATOS KITCHEN IS UP AND RUNNING!!! Our stellar team cooked up some amazing tapas for the staff last night, and will be testing recipes all next week.  If Hyde Square smells more garlicky than usual, that's why..., cat song of the day
CAT ARTISTS, We got a little notice in the new issue of Improper Bostonian!
-Phil, CAT song the day
CAT ARTISTS, one from the archives..., Due to an inexplicable snafu, kitchen won't be fired up until tomorrow, but no matter -- lights over the bar started getting hung today, and bar counter should be in place by end of tomorrow.  Also, lots of cool vinyl is being dusted off and prepared for your listening pleasure..., This is in the basement right now, and I'll race ya to it.
-Phil, cat song of the day
CAT ARTISTS!, Here's another reason that it's a big day at Tres Gatos:  music guru Phil Wilcox and our talented Bennington College intern Leah are mapping out where all the books and records will go in the BLUE ROOM, place of literary and musical delights..., Well, it's a big day at Tres Gatos.  Chef Marcos Sanchez plans to fire up the kitchen and start cooking!  We'll try to get a photo or two up later today -- IF he lets us near the kitchen., Shop Local. Dine International. Read Between the Lines. Dig the Sounds., CAT song of the day
CAT ARTISTS, CAT song of the day
Petula Clark ' Theres a Cat in the Window', CAT song of the day, CAT song of the day, Recycled doors awaiting placement on Tres Gatos bar.  Yes, we'll have a counter eventually too..., Cement mixer and big hole in the ground... Fun week all around..., The painters are furiously painting, we have running water and a working toilet, and by next Wednesday, Chefs Sanchez and Reichert will be firing up the kitchen and testing out their top-secret Gatos recipes!, null, CAT song of the day, THE ULTIMATE CAT song of the day, Rest assured, the backhoe is NOT part of our patio design, and WILL be gone by the time we start pouring sangria on the first warm spring day..., 45's and a snow-covered backhoe... isn't that a country song? Phil?, Some of the Tres Gatos team gathered last night to sample wine, beer, bread and cheese, discuss the menu, and in general, share our pre-opening excitement.  Rest assured that chefs Marcos Sanchez and Lydia Reichert are hard at work creating a menu that is bound to delight neighborhood foodies..., 5 stories of cat bravery, heroism and cunning for a snowy day..., CAT song of the day, CAT song of the day, CAT song of the day, Gato numero uno pondering the wine list..., The first coat of stain was applied to the floors today, which means we're in the home stretch! Chef Sanchez is hoping to fire up the kitchen and start cooking next Monday.  Soon, the smell of VOCs will be replaced with sauteeing garlic!, CAT song of the day, CAT song of the day
'The Black Cat', The Tres Gatos Beverage Team tasted a lot of fine beers yesterday, everything from light, clean lagers to a very hearty chocolate breakfast stout. We are trying our hardest to select only the finest beers for your enjoyment. Requests welcome, as we will be switching up our list regularly!, null, CAT song of the day, GATOS AROUND THE WORLD! todays edition: the famed Cats of Rome, CAT song of the day, Quick restaurant update:  plates, glasses and silverware are on order (which means we really DO intend to serve food and drink), floors are being sanded and stained this weekend, light fixtures arrive on Monday, and we're trying to wrap our heads around our very cool sound system.  And yes, we are planning to play vinyl!, you can file this under ridiculous, I think., CAT song of the day , News flash:  Borders is talking about suspending payment to publishers, and hopes publishers will agree to a plan to refinance their debt.  THANK YOU for supporting your local indie bookstore, who probably gives you better service, appreciates your business more, and isn't asking publishers to refinance their debt., The Year of the Cat has officially begun:  Happy New Year everyone!  Good luck making that paella (don't boil all the water off before sticking the pan in the over).  Rest assured that Team Gatos is taking this special day to formulate an amazing sangria recipe for your enjoyment.  Hasta luego!, Prepare for the wildest year of our lives!, What type of beer do you want Tres Gatos to serve?, Our brand new stove, A few words from Jose Andres, who more than any other Spanish chef has helped bring tapas to the U.S.:  "The word 'tapa' means lid, and the idea is that the food (perhaps a slice of ham) was used to protect a drink from flies or other foreign objects..."  Tres Gatos will have no flies, but we WILL have tapas, and drink... Happy New Year!, Hello there Gatos fans!  We need just a few more Facebook friends, then we'll be able to register a username.  I'm not quite sure what that'll be good for yet, but I've been told we should get one.  Thanks for your help!  And please, start throwing book, music, food, beer and wine thoughts up on the Wall of Cats., Your one stop shop for a fine white wine, a 'Last Picture Show' paperback, Santigold on vinyl, ornate and delicious cuisine and at least two people with beards dancing! Coming soon, JP!, What the work crew is drinking (in the absence of wine and beer, which we're not allowed to serve yet...), Tres Gatos update:  our kitchen hood has been installed, kitchen equipment will be arriving in about a week, and our Chef hopes to start trying out potential menu items by the second week of January.  We have a great Spanish wine list compiled, and soon, we'll begin "work" on our beer list.  Menu requests are welcome!, Big news from the Tres Gatos team:  we have a head chef!!!  Marcos Sanchez, who has been sous chef at Dante for several years, has just come on board and we couldn't be more excited to have him.  He brings a great deal of talent, creativity and enthusiasm to our project.  

Please check back here for more news.  We will be updating this page regularly!, christening of the tres gatos bar (under construction), One of three tres gatos..., Tres Gatos has put together an Investor Package for those who would like to invest in a local business with lots of history and community support, and a promising future.  We offer a generous interest rate, plus other great benefits!  Contact muse3@comcast.net for more info!)