List(Leaving us a testimonial is easy—just respond here! We'd love to hear from you. http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com#testimonial, When it comes to sandwiches, we don't fool around., Feel free to pig out on our slow roasted, hand-pulled pork., We're so excited to add to the Professor's Market family! Stop by today to apply., Thanks for all of your support - we reached our goal of 300 fans!, Looks like somebunny is looking for our Sweet Tart Sandwich., Did you know? We're on Twitter, too! Tweet us:

http://twitter.com/ProfessorsMarkt, Man what a time to be alive., Chocolate Banana Smoothie. Need we say more?, Help wanted for morning and night shifts please apply within!, We're only 8 short of 300 fans! Can we get there? Spread the word!, Our email list brings updates straight to your inbox. Join and stay in the loop:, It's always a Good Morning with avocado, basil aioli, and eggs all on top of bread., Even better than finding a pot of gold., Where the magic happens., This little Piggy went to the market. Then you did too and the rest is delicious history., Our new mobile-friendly site was built to help us connect with you even better. Check it out: http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com, Feast your eyes on our pork buns. Then just feast!, Dreaming of a trip to Italy? We now offer fresh pasta, which is way tastier than a plan ticket., We want to hear from you! Head over to Google+ and let us know what you think: https://plus.google.com/109935108632585201531/, The choice between a cookie and a muffin has never been this difficult., We made it to 200 fans! Thanks for all of your help. What's the next goal?, Got a second? Tell us what makes you a fan, in 10 words or less!  http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com#testimonial, A sure sign of good things to come., The 100-fan mark is in our rear-view mirror! Thanks for all of your help getting there., Decisions, decisions., How will you make your mark?, Let the countdown to 100 fans begin! Only 10 away, everyone. Help us out!, And the award for Best Customers Ever goes to … you!, Don't miss a beat — or a tweet! Follow us:

http://twitter.com/ProfessorsMarkt, March 1st: National Fresh Juice Day? Maybe. The day we open? Definitely!, Exclusive updates, perks, news-our email list has it all. Sign up today:, Live a great story., February brought us lemons. How did you add some zest to your life this month?, Reading, we can't expresso how much you bean to us., Our new mobile-friendly site was built to help us connect with you even better. Check it out: http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com, You take the (custom) cake., Have you heard the latest buzz? Our espresso machine has arrived!, Open heart -- open possibilities., Leaving us a testimonial is easy—just respond here! We'd love to hear from you. http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com#testimonial, Professor's Italian -- our instant crush., At the cross between Green and Main Street -- deli dreams await. January 2016., Want to stay up-to-date? Join our email list for exclusive info:, " I don't want a perfectly melted cheddar cheese and ham sandwich." - said no one ever, A croissant with Nutella and bananas -- just the right Sweet Start to your morning., We made it to 50 fans! Thanks for all of your help. What's the next goal?, Behold -- the future home of all your favorite foods!, When it comes to smoothies, we've gotta know -- protein powder or no protein powder?, Exposed brick to your left. Open kitchen to your right., Want to skim our tweets while browsing our Yelp reviews? Now you can! Check it out. http://ProfessorsMarket-hub.com, Old-school quality and artisanal flair tossed with a mix of specialty products from far to local. Reading, are you ready for this deli?, null, null)