List(We're doubling down on asparagus (the first Spring veggie harvested) & serving it up twice on our Seasonal Menu. We're grilling up sides as our Seasonal Veggie. And we're putting it on top of our new burger/sandwich called Elizel., Today marks the end of Volunteer Month in CT. So, we're celebrating in CT b.goods with 15% of sales all day going to benefit Community Plates. Plus, we'll have live music, free samples, and games for kids from 5:30-8:30!, Sad to say goodbye. But, proud of the way we went out on Dunster Street today. This incredible team cooked until every piece of real food was gone. And that extra-long register tape tallied a donation of over $6,000 for the Harvard Square Homeless Shelter. Thanks to everyone who came out & contributed. We miss you already, Harvard Square. We'll be back!, After over 10 years, tomorrow (Tuesday) is the the last day for our Harvard Square b.good. (Don't worry, we're searching for new locations & will be back in the Square soon.)

To go out right, we're throwing a farewell party with live music from our favorite local band, Ripe, & donating every penny of the sales from the day to the Harvard Square Homeless Shelter. So, on Tuesday, come say goodbye to us on Dunster Street & "pay-what-you-can" for our real food. Our food and drinks will be free with a donation to Harvard Square Homeless Shelter., New smoothie in BOS + suburbs. We named it after this bundle of joy who was born right when we were developing the recipe. Lucy Blue (the baby) is the niece of our Marketing Superwoman, Aubree. Lucy Blue (the smoothie) is blueberries, almond butter, dates, cinnamon, & lemon. Come & get one!, New Burger / Sandwich arrives today on Seasonal Menu in BOS + suburbs! Named in honor of our original grill-man, Elizel, & topped with seared asparagus, sharp cheddar, grilled red onion, red pepper aioli, toasted breadcrumbs., A little snow today can't stop our kale. All winter long, we've been serving fresh, local greens grown inside this shipping container farm in downtown Boston., Eat free b.good in April. Just follow us on Instagram @b.goodofficial, snap your best b.good pic, & tag it #realfoodfordays. Our family will vote to decide the winner who we'll feed for 30 beautiful days this Spring - http://bit.ly/1UvPn5W, Today, we dashed through the streets of Boston. We dined. And we raised over $1,300 for our community. Thanks to all the loyal family members who came out for our 4th Dine N Dash this morning. You helped fund more of these kinds of local leaders inspired to do good: http://bit.ly/1LGzF0A., Happy St. Patrick's Day! To celebrate, we picked all the mint we grow in our restaurants and we're blending it in our Three Greens Smoothies today. See how we do it here: http://bit.ly/1Moauzc, This is how we make our homemade veggie burgers. Told by Chef T himself -- the man who has made all our real food since the start., The best Saturday is coming. The Dine 'n Dash returns next weekend (3/19). Run 3.1 miles, eat at 4 b.goods, raise money for local leaders. Bonus: dessert leg by Ben & Jerry's & post-race beer sampling by Mighty Squirrel. Tickets & details: http://bit.ly/1SzRTGQ, We teamed up with Community Plates to make March b.good's Volunteer Month in Connecticut. Become a "food runner", post about it with #bgooddoesgood, and we’ll make sure to show you some love on our app., Yesterday, the 7 (slightly crazy) members of our Burger Brigade went old school and ran a half marathon in their burger suits to raise money to support local leaders. Learn how you can help and win a night out in Boston through our friends at Flutter - http://bit.ly/1XVIXfb, Skip the line, feel the love, and share the good. (And also get a FREE side of Crisp Veggies, Real Fries or Sweet Potato Fries.) Download our App - http://bit.ly/1Yh0Y8h, Meet us at b.good Washington Street this Saturday for a yoga bootcamp class and new smoothie debut with Emily at Stay Healthy, Stay Happy and our very own Chef Tony. Tickets & more info at: http://bit.ly/1WISpBh, This weekend, we held training session with team of Brand Ambassadors inside our hydroponic shipping container farm. They're the team of 18 b.good rockstars who are charged with becoming brand experts & spreading the love in our restaurants., Today, first harvest of mint from hydroponic grow system at our new b.good in Seaport. These fresh greens already going straight into our Three Greens Smoothies & Almond Ginger Bowls., These 39 incredible, old-school team members have been part of our b.good family for 5 years (or more). Last night, we celebrated at our annual dinner to honor the people who built our company, remember where we came from, & make sure we keep the b.good spirit alive., It's only right that we show love to the b.good family on Valentine's Day. So, we made this little video and we made all our Smoothies and Milkshakes $3 on our app. Feel the love by ORDERING ON OUR APP anytime today., Honor & privilege to serve this incredible b.good family member free real food for the next 365 days. Alex won our contest to become Family Member of The Year by making this video - http://bit.ly/20sqAOJ, Special visitor to b.good Mansfield yesterday. Hoping our real food can help Rob Gronkowski -Gronk prepare for another championship run next year, To battle those winter colds, we just added a new smoothie loaded with vitamin C to our lineup in BOS + suburbs. We're making "Deep C" (lower left) by blending pineapple, kiwi, orange, spinach, coconut milk, ginger, & honey. Come & get one soon!, Our new catering menu has arrived in BOS+suburbs. Chef T brought the A-game on new edition with sides like Hand-Cut Chips, Roasted Broccoli & Parm, & Marinated Beet Salad and a whole new line of Craft Sandwiches - http://bit.ly/1RbuoQA, Kale Minestrone arrives today on our Seasonal Menu! Come for a cup. (4-Bean Chili, you are gone but not forgotten.), Nourishing the North Shore, a team of neighbors committed to doing good, won our foundation's last grant. (Our funds will help rebuild their greenhouse into a year-round seeding facility, job site for adults with disabilities, & educational site for kids.) Now, we're looking for more inspired community leaders like them. Apply for our next grant by Friday at 11:59pm - http://bit.ly/1uD2v95, Yesterday, Luiz, superstar GM in Harvard Square, visited our farm in Downtown Boston. He learned about hydroponic farming & helped harvest 60 pounds of fresh local kale that's being delivered to his restaurant today., This is Emily. She's our Mansfield "Cousin" who eats free real food for life at our b.good there. In Boston, time is running out to live that good life in the Seaport. Unleash your creative genius and tell us why you'll be the best Cousin for us at our new Seaport b.good before we close the contest Sunday night - http://bit.ly/1VrkNqY, "Pay what you can" for your real food at b.good Greenwich this Thursday (1/28) from 5-9 pm. 100% of the money will go to Kids in Crisis. There'll be food, games, and live entertainment by Griffin Anthony. Details here - http://on.fb.me/23tYiaJ, 6 days left to eat this for free. Click to download our new app for family (or search 'b.good' in App Store or Google Play). Then, come by before we close on Sunday night to eat a FREE BOWL of Kale & Grain goodness - http://bit.ly/1Yh0Y8h, Come out for some real food & fitness this Saturday morning. We're hosting a yoga & cooking demo at b.good Washington Street. It's a collaboration between Emily at Stay Healthy, Stay Happy and our very own Chef Tony. Proceeds go to our foundation. Tickets & info - https://goo.gl/RuaqlO, 25 degrees out and we're still serving fresh, local kale. Today, we're serving 100 pounds of greens grown in hydroponic shipping container farms in Plaistow, NH. (So, we're not only working with Farmer Scott to grow our own in downtown Boston, we're getting as much as we can from others in the Freight Farms network.), As always, we're celebrating our birthday by giving one of you FREE REAL FOOD FOR THE NEXT YEAR of our life. To enter, just tell us why you're our Family Member of The Year before Sunday night - http://bit.ly/1nmalq3, We started b.good 12 years ago today. So, we're grateful to you & our team members -- our b.good family -- for helping us build this business. At 11am today (Tuesday), check you email inboxes & apps so you can come celebrate our 12th birthday., Watch the story of Chef Tony's homemade pickles. Told by the man himself and his pickle-making-apprentice, Alamo., Last night, our friends from Recover Green Roofs, LLC installed our herb grow system. (We're starting with fresh mint.) So, this morning, we're ready for another beautiful day at our brand new b.good in Seaport (50 Northern Ave)., New year. New b.good. Today, we officially opened our most beautiful b.good baby yet. Come see us in the Seaport (50 Northern Ave) in the New Year!, Today, we matched b.good family member app orders (from 12/22-24) with donation of real food at 2 shelters in Boston. Thanks to kinfolk who participated last week & the 9 awesome family members who volunteered today. We served 400 salads and 400 burgers!, Best way to say "Happy Holidays" is in song. So, Andre, our Catering Manager (and soon to be rap superstar), made this for the b.good family., Now through Thursday, order on our new app. We'll match every purchase with donation of real food to the Northampton Street Shelter next Wednesday., This is how we showed holiday love & gratitude for our top 5 Family Members at every b.good (i.e. customers with the most visits on our app). We gave care packages with a share of the kale we grew in our shipping container farm & mason jars of our dressings., She's back! The Joanie (avocado, sriracha, homemade spicy slaw) returns to our Seasonal Menu on Wednesday. (Please join us in observing a moment of silence for our Green Chile Burger.), Give the gift of real food and yourself a little too. Buy a $25 gift card at any b.good or online before New Year's and we'll kick in a $5 card free. http://bit.ly/1Z4eAUC, Tomorrow, we officially launch breakfast on Dartmouth Street in Boston (note: Dartmouth St. b.good only). Our menu features Egg Bowls (packed with whole, healthy ingredients like quinoa, kale, beans), steel-cut Oatmeal, Acai and Greek Yogurt Bowls, locally-roasted coffee, cold-pressed juices, and more. If it's successful, we'll bring to other b.goods asap., Think we may have just found our next winner for spring menu. Chef T tested this new salad called "The Picnic" -- brie, greens, grapes, apples, pears, candied walnuts & broccoli. Let us know what you think., New App. Free Bowl. Click to download our new app for family (or search 'b.good' in App Store or Google Play). Then, come by this week to eat a free bowl of Kale & Grain goodness - http://bit.ly/1Yh0Y8h, This weekend, we picked some very special baby kale and brought it to our b.good on Dartmouth Street. It was our first harvest from the hydroponic shipping container farm we put in downtown Boston. And it was awesome., No matter where the quest to make real food takes us, the mission will never change. But, our newest baby does look different in Greenwich, CT. Check out the new digs at our b.good we opened today at 342 Greenwich Ave., Tomorrow (Saturday), we're officially opening in Greenwich at 342 Greenwich Ave. If any of our new neighbors want to try a Kale & Grain Bowl, click http://bit.ly/1Xtdr8k and download our app. There'll be a free bowl on there when you visit our new restaurant., Today, made it back for our 4th visit to Mather Elementary School in Dorchester. We served 720 burgers & green smoothies for every student and teacher. It was made possible by b.good family members who donated their freebies through our app., This weekend, our buds at Green City Growers brought Luiz last home-grown greens from our urban garden in the South End. We grew 358 lbs of fresh, organic kale in our baby pools there. Then, served it all to the b.good family., Mansfield, here we come! Today, our newest b.good baby is born at 11am at Mansfield Crossing (280 School Street)., http://bit.ly/1Yh0Y8h

After spending this entire year developing a new app, we think it's finally ready for our family. So, we'd be grateful if you try it out and let us know what you think. And we'll give you a FREE Kale & Grain Bowl if you do. (Note - Bowl expires 6 days after the day you download.), Last year's fearless marathon team did the b.good family proud. Now, we're looking to assemble another group of scrappy, passionate, grass-roots organizers to represent the Burger Brigade in 2016. Family members, apply for one of our foundation's official Boston Marathon charity bibs here ASAP - http://bit.ly/1LiJwXK, Chef T pushed the envelope with this one at yesterday's Saturday morning tasting session. It's a salad with a slaw of Chinese broccoli, bok choy, cabbage and carrots topped with cashews, oranges and tofu. We'll need to get taste-test approvals from some b.good family members before we can bring to our menu., This is Christa, Saheed, and Jair. They're teen artists at B4 Records who create socially conscious music. And thanks to your votes last month, the b.good family gave $4,000 to support great kids like them. (Inspired to help others like the community leaders at B4? Tell us your idea today. Applications for our foundation's next grant end tonight - http://bit.ly/1uD2v95.), Today marks triumphant return of these Fall specials to our seasonal menu -- Butternut Soup and Citrus & Avocado Salad. Hope you can get in to taste them soon., We dashed. We dined. We raised $1,800 for our community. Thanks to all the loyal family members who came out for our 3rd-ever Dine N Dash yesterday. You helped fund more of these kinds of local leaders inspired to do good: http://bit.ly/1LGzF0A., Don't call it a comeback. Butternut Soup (with scallion sour cream and pepitas) returns to our Seasonal Menu on Wednesday. (Local Cauliflower, we'll see you next September.), Eat a burger. Run a mile. Eat some fries. Run a mile. Drink a smoothie. Run! Our 3rd Dine 'n Dash is Saturday. Register to run & eat (at the same time) for a good cause - racemenu.com/dinendash, Today, Roasted Pumpkin Shakes are officially back. See how we cut, roast and blend up local sugar pumpkins for our Family to sip through a straw. (And see Hollywood Matt's, our marketing wonderboy, break-out video performance and voice-over.), Brought our real food to the kids of Cambridge yesterday. Every Cambridge Public School student ate our local, all-natural burgers for lunch. (This year, we'll bring tens of thousands of them to some schools in Boston & suburbs.), After 30 days, our baby kale looks beautiful. (We're growing it in this hydroponic shipping container farm we put in downtown Boston.) Just 4 weeks until we serve it to the b.good family., 3 miles. 2 weeks (from tomorrow). 1 great cause. Our 3rd ever Dine 'N Dash is November 7th with 100% of the proceeds going to our family foundation. Finish the 5k and you'll bask in b.good glory forever. 

www.racemenu.com/dinendash, Our Halloween countdown is on. Roasted Pumpkin Milkshakes are 2 weeks away. (We're making them with local pumpkins from Wilson Farms in Lexington)., We cater real food, too. Been a while since we reminded you guys that we'd love to deliver the goods to your next meeting, event or party - http://bit.ly/1RbuoQA, New and improved Kids' Menu has arrived at all BOS+area b.goods. Classic kids' favorites (including the return of all-natural, local beef hot dogs) served with broccoli, Chef T's homemade apple sauce, and choice of fries or sweet potato fries., Respect the seasons. Our fall menu specials: Roasted Butternut Salad, Local Apple Milkshake, Green Chile Burger, & Local Cauliflower., We’ve teamed up with Be Bold, Be Bald!—a charity promoting strength & solidarity with everyone affected by cancer—and are offering a FREE SALAD to any Boston-based b.good family members who join us - http://bit.ly/1LAMWf1, Proud moment for our little foundation with big dreams. We're giving grants to inspired leaders in both Boston and Portland. (We only dreamed that we'd ever be able to support positive change in 2 states at once.) Help us decide where the money goes: http://www.bgoodfamilyfoundation.com/, Thanks to thousands of votes from the b.good family, Jeff won a farm share for life and our new veggie-growing baby is named Veggie Jackson - http://bit.ly/1KTi6aN, Incredible pic from one of our recent local farm visits. Kale field right after the leaves were harvested (and before we put those greens in our bowls, smoothies and salads)., Real food changes with seasons & local harvests. So, our Fall seasonal menu is back -- Local Cauliflower Side, Roasted Butternut Salad, Local Apple Milkshake, & Green Chile Burger., Seeds are planted (these are Scarlet Kale). But, our farm still needs a name. Winner gets free share of veggies for life. Enter here before midnight tonight (Thursday) - http://bit.ly/1NOrSSo, Local apples, butternut and cauliflower are here. So, today marks triumphant comeback of our Fall "seasonal specials" -- Roasted Butternut Salad, Local Cauliflower Side, Green Chile Burger, and Local Apple Milkshake., We put a farm in the heart of downtown Boston. (It's a hydroponic shipping container farm.) Now, we want the b.good family to name it. Winner gets a lifetime share of the veggies - http://bit.ly/1NOrSSo, This b.good love song changed Dana's destiny forever. She'll never pay for real food again. Dana is a musical therapist at Children's Hospital and the b.good family member who won our Cousin contest at our newest restaurant in the Longwood Medical Area. http://bit.ly/1KsEgR7, 5 days until the return of our Fall Seasonal Specials -- including this  beauty. The Roasted Butternut Salad (with pomegranates) makes its triumphant comeback on Wednesday., Our Family Member Brooke Siegal reached 800 visits today. So, we want to give a special shout out to our most loyal kin. Thank you for always showing us love Brooke., Sad to see these babies go (Allendale Farm, Chestnut Hill). Only a week or so left of local, summer tomatoes. Enjoy them asap!, For lots of kids, yesterday was 1st day of school. For us, it meant our return to some school cafeterias. This year, we'll bring tens of thousands of our all-natural burgers & homemade veggie burgers to a bunch of public school systems in Boston & suburbs., While not sure how or when we'll serve you that first meal of the day, we haven't given up on dream of b.good breakfast. Chef T made more incredible "Breakfast Bowls" to taste-test this weekend., This is our friend, Frank Szawlowski. Today, all New England b.goods officially start cutting fries with potatoes from his farm in Hatfield, MA. Proud to serve these spuds & proud to work with Frank all these years. (More here: http://bit.ly/1hWyYag), Hung our sign so one step closer to growing fresh, local produce year-round. (We teamed up with a local farmer to put this hydroponic shipping container in heart of Boston.) More info & contest to award a b.good family member with a lifetime share of its veggies coming soon., On Friday, we teamed up with Adnan (aka DoctorBeDancing) to shake his moneymaker in front of our new Longwood b.good. Because our foundation matched his donations 2:1, we helped raise $1,500 for our community., We still need to find our cousin for the new b.good in Longwood! Tell us why you'll be our very best cousin before Sunday at midnight - http://www.bgood.com/longwoodcousin/, Monday from 6-8 pm at b.good boylston st. we're teaming up with MDA Team Momentum to run, eat, and raise money to fight muscle disease., It's Official. Today, our new Longwood baby is being born. We are bringing real food to 360 Longwood Ave. (Corners of Longwood & Brookline Ave.), By land or by sea, b.good catering gets it done! Yesterday, we donated a BBQ to Boston kids at Camp Harbor View. Since the bridge to Long Island is closed, that tug boat pushed our real food to the island., Just received final permit from City of Boston. So, our long wait is almost over. THIS MONDAY, we're officially giving birth to new b.good baby on Longwood Ave. (Corners of Longwood & Brookline Ave.), Today, we teamed up with Scott & GTI Properties to drop this Freight Farm in the South End (right next to where we grow kale in baby pools). Scott is a farmer who'll grow veggies for us inside this shipping container all year long. Lots more info on this & contest coming soon., Party in the street last Sunday in Portland. First ever b.good Family Block Party raised $4,000 for our foundation., This is Danny, one of our inspired interns who spread the b.good love this summer. With college starting soon, we have some large shoes to fill. So, we're hiring a Marketing Assistant asap. Attitude, energy, & love of real food trump all other qualifications. Get info & apply: http://bit.ly/1DQdq95, Hello again, Canton, CT - time is running out on chance to be our Cousin & eat free real food for life. Tell us why you'll love us like family before midnight Friday - http://www.bgood.com/cantoncousin/, In case you missed it in yesterday's email, we're bringing Manny (our dancing grill-guy & 1st employee we ever hired) to one lucky family member's house. Tell us why he should come grind & grill burgers for you & your friends - http://bit.ly/1DJWocK, Local peaches are in. So, welcome back our Local Peach & Cherry Smoothie. (And pour a sip on the concrete for our dearly departed Local Blueberry Smoothie -- the local blueberry harvest is always way too short.), Taking it to the streets tomorrow (Sunday) in the Old Port with local food, brews, & bands for local charities. Eat, drink and dance with your b.good family in Portland - http://bit.ly/1OXgDDZ, Just picked 26 lbs of kale behind the Derby Street Shoppes in Hingham yesterday. That means b.good Hingham will get to chomp and sip on local kale in their bowls, salads, and smoothies today, Canton, CT... we're finally coming for you! Tomorrow (Thursday), we officially give birth to new b.good baby at The Shoppes at Farmington Valley (110 Albany Turnpike)., Today, the return of local corn means glorious comeback of the burger (or sandwich) we call Sal Bacado. Like every August, we're making our seasonal special with local corn salsa, smashed avocado & bacon., We can't wait to start making real food in Canton, CT. If any of our new neighbors want to try a Kale & Grain Bowl, Salad or Burger for FREE, download our app (search "b.good") by midnight Wednesday. Then, just be sure to select Canton so we can send that freebie on Thursday morning., Late with this. But, today was Chef Tony's 40th birthday. (He's the mastermind & co-founder who has been creating our real food since the start.) If you see this aging creative genius in a b.good anytime soon, please wish him a happy one., This Thursday, we'll give birth to a new b.good in Canton (CT that is). So we're looking to show some love by blending free smoothies for our new neighbors. Just comment on this post where we should visit you with Harvey, our smoothie truck. Maybe you'll get a visit from us this week!, Get ready for it to officially feel like Summer. Grilled local corn arrives Wednesday! We serve it up with queso fresco, cilantro, jalapeno, & lime., Local harvest is almost ready at Swaz Potato Farms. So, we sent Aubree to visit Frank, the potato patriarch of the b.good family. (Naturally, she wore the t-shirt we made a few years back in honor of the big man.), Our kale is growing strong in the South End. So far this Summer, we've harvested over 150 lbs & served it at b.good Summer Street. (Thanks to b.good family member, John, who provided this home for our roof-top baby pools.), Get ready Longwood Medical. We're bringing real food soon! 
Push is on to open 360 Longwood Ave (corners of Longwood & Brookline) on August 12th., Hello North Andover - time is running out on chance to be our Cousin & eat free real food for life. Tell us why you'll love us like family before midnight - http://www.bgood.com/nacousin/, Tonight, our thoughts prayers are with Harvey, the b.good family's beloved 30-year-old smoothie truck with 350K miles on the odometer (and straight fire in the belly). Our buddy, Rahif, at Frank's Auto in Malden will transplant his new engine in morning., New summertime salad has arrived in Boston & suburbs. Watermelon & Feta Salad has collard greens, super grains, grilled corn, black eye peas, & fresh mint. (Sorry to peeps in Cranston, North Andover & Shrewsbury. We haven't gotten this to your b.good yet.), It's official. Our North Andover grand opening is FRIDAY (tomorrow)! Less than 24 hours until we serve real food on 99 Turnpike Street (Eaglewood Shops)., Local blueberries (Ward's, Sharon, MA) have just arrived! So, we're blending Local Blueberry Smoothies (local blueberries, banana, greek yogurt, basil, honey, dates, lemon). New England harvest only lasts a few weeks. So, get your sip on soon., Awesome day at our 12th annual Family BBQ with perfect ending by Cam Galpin and his song, "We'll Be Good". (Big thanks to all our loyal family members who came out, Harpoon, Ben & Jerry's, and all the incredible local musicians who rocked it.), 48 hours until our favorite day of the year. SUNDAY is our annual Family BBQ in Boston. Local food, drink & music for local charities. Buy tix & come celebrate with us! http://bit.ly/1FqkV0s, The family spoke. We listened. After lots of emails, tweets & comments, we bring back the Buffalo on Tuesday to all BOS+suburb b.goods. New & improved rendition topped with marinated carrots & shaved celery. (Big thanks to everyone who let us know!), Check out last year's fun. Then, prepare to eat, drink & dance with your b.good family THIS SUNDAY. Our 13th annual Family BBQ in Boston is less than a week away. Info & tix: http://bit.ly/1FqkV0s, Events team spending the 4th grilling for hundreds of folks at Community Boating on Charles River. So, no choice but to bring "The Godfather" out of retirement. (Manny is our 1st-ever employee & started b.good with us 13 years ago.), Local zucchini (Farmer's Garden, Rehoboth, MA) is here. We're grilling it up with basil, parm, & balsamic. Get some., Rain could never stop us from eating, dancing & singing with our b.good family. Same local food, drink, & music for local charities. Just a different date. Our 13th annual Family BBQ is July 12th in Boston. Info & tix: http://bit.ly/1FqkV0s, Weekly Saturday morning tasting session. Chef T just made "Breakfast Bowls" (w/ kale & quinoa) and killed it with this "Rancher's Eggs". May take us long, long time to ever get breakfast to b.good. But, if/when we do, this winner will be there., Summer melons mean Joey, our juice guy, is fresh pressing these at b.good kitchen HQ in Malden, MA. Cantaloupe and Honeydew Agua Frescas are now in the house., Weather couldn't stop team b.good from blending thousands of free kale crush smoothies for the fearless, rain-soaked BAA 10K runners this morning., Really hurts to do this, but the the almost certain appearance of thunder and lightning has forced us to POSTPONE SUNDAY'S FAMILY BBQ. (It really is our favorite day of the year at b.good. So, our entire company is devastated that we won't be eating, drinking and dancing with you on Sunday.) We will check back soon with the rescheduled date of our event., Return of local strawberries means triumphant comeback of our Local Strawberry Goat Cheese Salad -- baby spinach, local berries, goat cheese, figs, candied walnuts & balsamic. (Local harvest is short. So, come quick.), This weekend, we visited our buddy, Bill Spiller, & tasted his first strawberries of the season. Today, our Local Strawberry Goat Cheese Salad returns to all New England b.goods! http://gph.is/1ek0tJ8, We marched proud today to show our Boston Pride., 10 days until we eat, drink and dance with the b.good family. Our 13th annual Family BBQ is next Sunday, June 21st. Info & tix: http://bit.ly/1FqkV0s, Pretty great video made by b.good family member - @hantzley.audate - on Wednesday's visit to Mather Elementary School. All the real food we served was thanks to generous b.good family members who donated their freebies through our app., Fearless leader of our real food family, Anthony, made his b.good kinfolk proud last night. EY Entrepreneur of The Year!!, Today was a good day. We served up real food for lunch at Mather Elementary School (720 burgers & green smoothies for every student and teacher). It was made possible by the generous b.good family members who donated their freebies through our app., Real food, real beer, & real music (we promise we have a famous, special guest playing). All to raise money for folks inspired to help our community. Our 13th annual Family BBQ is June 21st in Boston. Learn more & buy tix: http://bit.ly/1FqkV0s, We grew lots of kale. We picked 125 pounds of it. We hustled to our restaurants to blend homegrown Kale Crush Smoothies for the family., 125 lbs. of kale is on its way to becoming lots of Kale Crush Smoothies. Today, we picked first harvest of season at b.goods in Hingham, Nashua & downtown Boston. (Family members - check email on Friday a.m. to sip smoothies blended with homegrown greens.), “We just really want to help people who can’t afford the kind of food we enjoy.” That's what inspired Scot to build a garden behind his church and feed his neighbors. And thanks to the vote of the b.good family, Scot won our foundation's latest $4,000 grant last week so he could feed even more folks - http://bit.ly/1LGzF0A, In case you missed it last week, we started grilling wild, sockeye salmon at all BOS+suburb b.goods for this new salad and sandwich., More fresh herbs are now growing in our restaurants! (We built this growing system in b.good Dedham this weekend.) Now, only a few b.goods left until all our restaurants grow their on fresh mint and/or cilantro., Sneak peak from this morning's tasting session with Chef T. This is new Kale & Grain Bowl we're calling Farmstand Tomato Basil. (That's grilled halloumi cheese on top.) We're working to get it on our menu ASAP., New & improved Kids' Menu has landed at BOS+suburb b.goods! Little peeps can choose: quinoa mac & cheese, local burger, or grilled cheese sandwich. But, the veggies are mandatory. (Roasted broccoli, carrots, & homemade yogurt-ranch are now on every kids' meal we serve.), 320 kale seedlings are now growing in unused urban space in Boston's South End. And it's all thanks to b.good family member, John at GTI Properties., Organic, local (Ayer, MA) tofu is now served at all BOS+suburb b.goods! Add the other... other white meat to your Kale & Grain Bowls and Salads., Hung window signs so it's official... Seaport here we come! We're bringing our real food to 50 Northern Ave (Vertex Building next to Federal Courthouse) before end of Summer., We lost our roof to grow them on, but our family saved our veggies. On Friday, we planted 320 of these kale seedlings in unused urban space in Boston's South End owned by a loyal b.good family member. We'll be harvesting and using that fresh, organic kale in our restaurants by end of May., Pick your grain! Now, at all BOS+suburb b.goods, we'll ask if you'd like organic quinoa or our super-grains (short-grain brown rice, kamut wheat, hard wheat berries, millet, & lentils) in your Kale & Grain Bowl., Right now, these fearless b.good family members -- including our Chef Tony -- are running the Boston Marathon. If & when you see our team, please cheer for them & what they've done for our foundation (they raised almost $30K!). Godspeed, Burger Brigade. The b.good family loves ya!, Yesterday, privilege & honor to get a visit from Bill Spiller, the farming legend whose picture is on the walls of our restaurants & website. Bill & his wife, Anna, brought potatoes they wanted us to test. We made sure they left with bellies full of real food., Today, The Local officially makes its presence felt on all Boston+suburb menus. We're topping our new burger (beef, turkey, chicken or veggie) with egg (NH), slab bacon (VT), blue (MA), tomato, caramelized onion, arugula & balsamic., Hello, Power Bowl! (Kale, organic quinoa or super grains, local egg, brussels, carrot, shiitake crisps, pepitas & tomato vinaigrette) At a few Boston b.goods now. Will be on all BOS+suburb menus by Friday., Last day to help us make an even better b.good. Family members who take our survey before midnight Sunday will receive a FREE SIDE (asparagus, veggies, fries or sweet fries) on their Family ID on Monday - http://bit.ly/1DVQ29x, 2 weeks ago today. We dined and dashed through the streets of Boston to raise money for our community. Check out the highlights of our 2nd annual Dine N Dash (then, start training for next year)., FREE SHAKES & ICE CREAM TOMORROW (FRIDAY)! Our 4th Annual Ice Cream Truck Battle against Ben & Jerry's is tomorrow from 2-5pm in front of b.good Harvard Square. As always, truck that raises most money for our start-up foundation wins. http://on.fb.me/1NX0yNj, null, Saturday night, Chef Tony hosts 1st annual Burger Brigade Spring Gala. 4-courses of local, seasonal food, live music, local beer and wine, and Chef T in a burger suit. All to raise money for our community. Menu & tickets - http://bit.ly/1Cudcwq, Officially been open 2 months in Newton & we've officially adopted Leo as our "Cousin" there. Watch the incredible video performance that won him free real food for life in Newton. - http://bit.ly/1C6p2Or, Joyous return of Spring means joyous return of "Seasonal Special" -- Grilled Asparagus. We're grilling up this Spring goodness now at all b.goods., We can't use the roof above our downtown b.good this Spring. So, we need your help. Tell us if you have a space for us to grow. Winner gets lots of home-grown veggies, weekly visits from Green City Growers and free b.good food. - http://bit.ly/1I57Z6v, We decided our El Guapo was due for an update. So, last week, we officially traded lettuce, tomato, onion for homemade jalapeno slaw (green cabbage, carrot, red onion, jalapeno, cider vinegar, sugar, salt). Hope you'll get in for one soon & let us know., We dashed 3 miles through snowy streets of Boston. We dined on burgers, fries, & smoothies. And we raised over $1K for our community. Thanks to all the loyal family members who came out for our 2 annual Dine N Dash today., Eat a burger. Run a mile. Eat some fries. Run a mile. Drink a smoothie. Run! Our 2nd Annual Dine 'n Dash is Saturday. Register to run & eat (at the same time) for a good cause - http://bit.ly/1Bo8Mbh, Latest small victory in our quest to make our real food even better (and better for you). We officially just added pomegranates to our Roasted Butternut Salad and Local Apple & Bacon Kale & Quinoa Bowl., We've helped build urban gardens, host healing retreats for vets, and even build a skatepark. Now, we're looking for another community leader who wants to do something good for others. Apply for our foundation's next grant before midnight Monday. http://bit.ly/1uD2v95, Scott, our summer intern who picked our roof-top veggies & drove smoothie truck, is All-Conference center for Northeastern's hoops team. Today, he battles ND in 1st round of tourney. Go Scott! Your b.good family is rooting for you., We harvested our own fresh mint for our smoothies today. Happy St. Patrick's Day! 
(Video by: Ganderflock. Big thanks to Ron Gallo for the music! - rongallomusic.com. Song: Young Lady You're Scaring Me.), We'll be blending special Three Greens Smoothies (spinach, mint, lime, pineapple, almond milk, honey, hemp seed) for family members on Tuesday. Kinfolk, prepare your inboxes for some St. Pat's love. (Special thanks to b.good family member, Hantzley for making this video.), This morning, we installed mint & grow lights at couple more b.goods. (Soon, these baby greens will grow up to be in our smoothies & bowls.), Busted out this new Carrot Cake Smoothie last week at all Boston+suburbs b.goods. We're blending carrots, oranges, banana, turmeric, coconut milk, lemon and cinnamon., Ever wonder if our sweet potato fries are really hand cut? Well, check out this quick behind the scenes video and watch how the magic happens, Our new website just went live. We'd love for you to visit.  http://www.bgood.com/, Starting testing this today on our Washington Street menu -- Sesame Sockeye Salmon Salad. If folks like it during 2 week trial, we'll bring it to all b.goods by Summer., Last night, the 2015 Burger Brigade got their buns. Even though the BAA made us trade suits for charity bibs, we still issue our stuffed burgers to preserve the scrappy spirit of the b.good family members who built the Brigade & our foundation. http://bit.ly/1DaJPAi, Our 4-Bean Chili is officially back. (Moment of silence for the Butternut Soup.) We make it vegetarian and top with sour cream, sharp cheddar, and scallions., Lauren won our Customer of The Year contest (& free real food for the next year) by sending us illustrations of our Uncle Faris' crazy sayings. We liked them so much we made t-shirts to raise money for our foundation. (If you buy one, we'll even send a free smoothie to your Family ID next week.) http://bit.ly/1zMZpQm, To make sure you feel our Valentine's Day love, we're unveiling this new smoothie today. Our Raspberry Dark Chocolate is blended with feel-good ingredients: raspberries, raw cocoa, avocado, almond milk, & honey., Every b.good has a Cousin, the special, abnormally happy family members who eat free real food for life at their local b.good. Now is your chance to live that good life in Newton. Unleash your creative genius & tell us why you'll be our best cousin: http://bit.ly/1AodJ75, Storm school closings gives us access to special talent. In Harvard Square today, Victoria is helping her dad, Luiz, take orders. If you're in the neighborhood, come by for some real food with a smile., A couple more feet of snow couldn't stop us from making real food. We're open everywhere today EXCEPT Boylston St., Summer St., Mass Ave, and Bedford. Come see us after you dig out!, It's official. Today, we serve real food in Newton (71 Needham Street)., Had to push back our grand opening in Newton (71 Needham St) to Friday instead of today. So, we'll have to wait one more day to pick this fresh mint we're growing there. Hope we see you guys on Friday!, Harvey is all shoveled out and looking for an adventure in Newton. Let us know where we should come pass out some of our roasted Butternut Soup (with scallion sour cream and pepitas) today and tomorrow., Testing this when we open new b.good in Newton (71 Needham St.) on Thursday. "The Local" has VT slab bacon, MA blue, NH egg, ME hothouse tomatoes, & arugula. If Newton peeps like it, we'll get it on all menus by spring., Today, bok choy is officially back in our Kale & Quinoa Bowl. Unhappy kin let us know baby corn wasn't cutting it. We listened & returned the leafy green to our Toasted Almond & Ginger Bowl as fast as we could., Very sad to learn that Boston lost one of our greats last night. We were lucky to be friends with Sidewalk Sam when we first started our business and to be inspired by his positivity, optimism, and generosity. The b.good family loves you, Sidewalk - http://bit.ly/15Qd7LR, We can't make real food today. Hoping the b.good family is staying safe and warm and enjoying the snow day with your real families. See you guys tomorrow!, Opening new b.good in Newton on 2/4 & using this old-school fountain for homemade, fresh sparkling drinks. We just settled on first flavors we'll serve -- Carrot, Peach-Rosemary, Ginger, Orange-Cream, & Lemon Seltzer., Eat real food when you buy real food, Saturday morning and we're simmering beets to make another batch of our Beet-Ginger Lemonade., Their term as "the greatest" is almost over. Now, just 24 hours left for the next b.good family member to win FREE REAL FOOD FOR A YEAR. (2014 champs made a video of themselves eating a veggie burger while holding crazy yoga poses.) Let us know why you're our Customer of the Year before midnight Friday - http://bit.ly/1AWv0mu, 11 years ago today, we officially set out on our quest to make real food. So, really grateful to you guys -- our b.good family -- for helping us build this business. This morning, check your inboxes & come celebrate our 11th birthday today., Today, we matched b.good family member purchases (from 12/23-24) with donation of real food to folks displaced by closed homeless shelter on Long Island. Thanks to kinfolk who participated, our Mayor who made it happen, & the dozen family members who came out to volunteer today., It's been a truly special year for us. One of the best parts was being awarded Boston's 2014 Small Business of the Year in the city where we started, live in, and love. 

Here's the video the Chamber made about us and our restaurant. Learn more about us at bgood.com, Best way to say happy holidays is in song. So, Andre, our catering delivery guy (and soon to be rap superstar), made this., Hello Family members - friendly reminder that we'll match & donate your purchase from now to Christmas Eve (details in this morning's email). Mayor's Office helping us identify the 450 homeless who were displaced when shelter on Long Island closed. Together, we'll feed them real food next week (either Tuesday or Wednesday)., She's back. Yesterday, the Joanie (avocado, sriracha, homemade spicy slaw) returned as our winter seasonal special., Our "family calendars are back. We packed them with 12 months of b.good love (over $60 in coupons) & beautiful photos of our sizzling-hot family members. Donate & then pick one up at your local b.good asap. http://bit.ly/1w3hw2z, Today, we're giving holiday gifts of cashew "nog" & green smoothie ingredients to family members with most visits at each b.good. Kept a few aside for kinfolk who post best reason why number of visits on Family ID doesn't reflect their commitment to real food., These elves checked our list. On Thursday, Top 10 family members with most visits at each b.good receive special holiday love. (If that's you, we'll email you personally on Wednesday.), Coming tomorrow -- Butternut Soup (w/ scallion sour cream & pepitas) and Joanie Burger (avocado, sriracha, homemade spicy slaw). In less than 24 hours, both b.good family favorites return as winter seasonal specials., Prep this morning at Washington Street. The all-important ingredient in our new Kale & Quinoa Bowl (Curry & Grilled Avocado)., We've accepted next challenge in quest to make fast-food "real" -- fresh, homemade soda (using fruits, veggies, herbs, spices, & a little pure cane sugar). We'll test in a fountain at a b.good in early new year., Charlie's 30 days of free real food & work outs is over. He's more fit & lean. But, more importantly, he finished with foundation of good nutrition & fitness habits. Most of all, he feels good. (We're already looking forward to running this contest again next year.), Happy 30th, Andy! Feeling so lucky that our incredible cashier on Dartmouth St. has been part of the family for nearly a third of his life. (He's been faithfully manning our tills for 8 years.) If you hit Back Bay today, make sure you wish this special guy a happy birthday., #TBT In 2010, "Burger Man" (a.k.a. Sam Novey) single-handedly raised $18K for Citizen Schools by running Boston in our buns. Now, our foundation's 6 charity bibs will go to family members who'll keep his spirit alive. Apply to run with 2015 Burger Brigade before midnight tomorrow: http://bit.ly/1p8M8mO, Big day for our buns in Boston-area b.goods. Officially start serving new multi-grain, artisan bun (hand-made w/ more whole, real ingredients like sunflower, millet, & flax seed). So, made this to share story of our buddies & bakers at Quinzani's in the South End., Give the gift of real food for the holidays & get yourself a little something, too. Buy a $25 gift card online or in store before New Year's & we'll kick in another $5 gift card free - http://bit.ly/1v0YOwX, Just took this pic from inside a shipping container in Boston that can grow 800 heads of lettuce per week. Now, need to figure out how to get one in a b.good. (Seriously.), Week #3 of Charlie's quest to feel good is in the books. (He's the b.good family member who won 30 days of free real food & work outs at Boston's best gyms.) Follow his journey: http://bit.ly/1t4cEhe, Goodbye Washington Street roof! Yesterday, we harvested the last of our kale & removed our 52 baby pools for winter. (We grew over 1,000 pounds of kale & tomatoes up there this year.) Thanks for everything you do for us, Green City Growers., We may have traded our burger suits for official Boston Marathon charity bibs. But, we're still looking for the same kind of scrappy, passionate, grass-roots organizers to rep the Brigade. Apply to run with the 2015 Burger Brigade by 12/5 - http://bit.ly/1p8M8mO, Have a food allergy, secret talent, funny name of your pet? If you're in the family, tell us your "fun fact" on our app (My Account) or by updating your account at bgood.com before midnight Sunday. Then, b.good love will arrive on your ID on Monday., Tuesday morning... time to make the pickles., Do you or someone you know have a great idea to do something good for our community? Apply for our foundation's next grant before midnight on Monday. (As always, we'll select the 3 best ideas. Then, let the b.good family vote to decide who gets the $4,000.) http://bit.ly/1uD2v95, Do you or someone you know have a great idea to do something good for our community? Apply for our foundation's next grant before midnight on Monday. (As always, we'll select the 3 best ideas. Then, let the b.good family vote to decide who gets the $4,000.) http://bit.ly/1uD2v95, We're trading in our White Bean & Rosemary for this Curry & Grilled Avocado (quinoa, kale, cauliflower, sauteed veggies, almonds, spicy curry, mint-yogurt sauce). Officially arrived at Boston-area b.goods today. All others, later this winter., Charlie's quest to feel good continues. (He won our Real Food Fitness Challenge to be the b.good family member who gets 30 days of free real food & work outs at Boston's best gyms.) Follow his journey: http://bit.ly/1t4cEhe, Rondo & Robert at Summer Street today! Our city's point guard has become a downtown regular. (He even personally dropped off opening night tickets to Jefferson, our GM on Summer.), We came up with couple new 4 Petal juice flavors. Pineapple-Spinach-Mint "Agua Fresca" and Mocha Cashew Milk. Hitting our shelves (where we sell our 4 Petal) in a week or so., Anaheim peppers on the grill this morning at Dartmouth Street. Forgot how cool these look before we stem & chop them to put on our "seasonal special" -- Green Chile Burger., It's already day #23 of b.good meals & work-outs in Charlie's quest to feel good. (He won our contest to be in our 1st Real Food Fitness Challenge.) Check out Week 1 highlights below & follow his journey here: http://bit.ly/1t4cEhe, Using these beauties called "Candy-Striped" beets in new salad we started testing today at b.good Summer Street. Ingredients are: 
candy-striped & red beets, farro, arugula, feta, almonds, mint, red wine vinegar, olive oil. If folks like it, we'll get it on all our menus this winter., Check out how we made our Halloween treats. (And how we made it possible for the b.good family to sip 700 pounds of roasted, local pumpkins through a straw today.) Happy Halloween!, Wouldn't be right if we didn't pay tribute to our great Mayor. You supported us with visits for dinner during our earliest days on Dartmouth & occasionally, even helped us pass out smoothies from Harvey. Thank you for everything you did for us & our city. You are Boston., Our Halloween treats are almost ready.... Cutting & roasting 700 pounds of local pumpkins so b.good Family can sip Pumpkin Milkshakes on Friday (& thru weekend until we run out)., Served real food to every kid at the Mather Elementary School yesterday (800 burgers, veggie burgers, & green smoothies). It was all thanks to generous b.good family members who used our "family system" to donate their freebies. (You can pay our "gifts" forward on our app or logging in at our site.), Yes, y'all! At 11am today, this beautiful b.good baby will be born in Raleigh, NC (Midtown Park at North Hills). 10 years after we started, we've taken our real food from Dartmouth Street to Tobacco Road. (Pretty crazy when we stop to think about it.), Meet Charlie, the b.good family member who won our contest to be in our 1st Real Food Fitness Challenge. (Our fitness ambassador, Jenn, set his 30 day b.good meal plan & exercise regimen.) Follow his triumphant journey to feel good here: http://bit.ly/1t4cEhe, Chef Tony came strong in Sat-morning new recipe testing session. Unleashed this potential new Kale & Quinoa bowl w/ egg & crispy shiitakes., Not sure if universe is trying to tell us something. But, this really did happen today -- Rajon Rondo came by for a Kale Crush this morning on Summer St & Big Papi ate lunch on Dartmouth. (Next time, we're getting them to join the family!), We're feeding these kids next Thursday at Mather Elementary in Dorchester! All because of 885 generous family members who donated their freebies in last week's promo. (Green smoothies & all-natural, local burgers for every student & teacher.), Chef Tony doesn't rest holiday weekends. Yesterday, he ran a half-marathon. This morning, he came up with his latest Kale & Quinoa brain-child. "Curry & Grilled Avocado" coming ASAP to b.goods everywhere., Brilene, Charlie or Jennifer? Vote for who'll represent our family in our 1st annual Real Food Fitness Challenge (30 days of free b.good & work-outs at the best gyms in Boston). If you vote by midnight Sunday, we'll send you a free drink on Monday. http://bit.ly/ZzmzPQ, This morning, we officially received award as Boston's Small Business of Year. Never would've been possible without the support of our family of customers & most importantly, the hard work & dedication of our team members in our restaurants. Thank you! (And if you want more, check this video about us played at ceremony: http://bit.ly/1t1QfTp), Another breakthrough by Chef Tony today. We tested new smoothie called "The Whole Avocado" with 1 whole avocado, coconut milk, basil, lemon, honey & chia. Hope to get it on menu next month., Our Fall "seasonal specials" officially hit all b.goods today (Friday). That means glorious return of Local Cauliflower, Roasted Butternut Salad, Local Apple & Cinnamon Milkshake, & Green Chile Burger., Not fans of these contrived holidays. But, figured we had to do something today for National Kale Day. So, post a #kaleselfie (that's a pic of yourself eating kale) today. As long you're in our family, we'll put a free kale crush smoothie on your ID tomorrow., Quest to make fast-food "real" advances a little more over here. We're switching out Hershey's syrup for raw cocoa powder in our chocolate shakes ASAP. (And in case we needed reminder of how great our jobs are -- we spent last few days doing important quality control work by sipping dozens with different cocoas.), Chef Tony made the b.good family proud today with this masterpiece in Let's Talk About Food's "Earth-Turf Chef Challenge". (Chef's had to replace 20% of beef with mushrooms for more sustainable burger.), Honored to be part of tomorrow's Let's Talk About Food Festival & its mission to change the future of food in our country. We hope to be a small part of the revolution! Come see us there tomorrow & come cheer on Chef Tony in chef challenge at 3:30pm. http://bit.ly/1sz9TWC, Help us decide who gets our foundation's next $4,000 grant. Vote before midnight tonight & we'll put a free drink on your Family ID tomorrow (homemade lemonade or tea, natural soda, or bottled water). http://bit.ly/Y7jfKI, Spend 30 days eating free real food AND working out for free with the best trainers & at the best gyms in Boston. Help us prove that happiness is directly tied to what we eat & how active we are. Enter our Real Food Fitness Challenge: http://bit.ly/1uWCJyQ, Officially started up new Kale & Quinoa Bowl ("Local Apple & Bacon") today at bunch of b.goods. Best part is hand-cutting these all-natural slabs from Vermont Smoke & Cure., New b.good in Nashua has been testing this for couple weeks. Now, it's time to bring it everywhere. Starting tomorrow (& rest of week), we're busting out this new Kale & Quinoa Bowl called Local Apple & Bacon (quinoa, kale, VT Smoke & Cure bacon, local apples, dried cranberries, avocado, olive oil & red wine vinegar). It'll be on Boston-area b.good menus by Friday. All others, by end of month., After week of testing at new b.good Nashua, we've decided to trade in our "Frozen Berry Bowls" for this Acai Smoothie (acai, blueberry, pineapple, chia, almond milk). Hitting Boston-area b.goods next week. All others, by end of month., Decided to jar up some of our homemade pickles & test selling them in coolers at a few b.goods. (We're also selling some of our homemade dressings & sauces, too.) We'd love to know what you think., Just a few days left to spend the rest of your days eating free real food in Nashua. (This is Ali, the woman who made a video of herself dancing & singing about b.good to win her lifetime of real food when we opened Boylston Street.)
Contest to become our "cousin" at new Nashua b.good ends Wednesday at midnight. Enter here: http://bit.ly/1pDzCFf, We want to help more Bryans. (He won our foundation's grant this summer.) Bryan is on a personal quest to transform his community by building a skatepark for at-risk kids. Now, we're giving away another $4K. Submit your idea to do good by midnight Monday (9/8). As always, you'll vote to pick our winner: http://bit.ly/1uD2v95, Today's grand opening in Nashua was a huge success. But, party didn't truly start until Sean, b.good's IT guru (& former cashier), took the mic out front.
Thanks to everyone who visited us on our first day in the Granite State!, For lots of kids, today was 1st day of school. For us, it meant our return to some school cafeterias. This year, we'll bring our all-natural burgers & homemade veggie burgers to 6 public school systems in Boston & suburbs. So, thousands of kids will eat real food instead of mystery meat. We're hoping we can feed more!, Our Nashua (NH) baby is coming very soon. Grand Opening this WEDNESDAY at 219 Daniel Webster Highway., Picked 200 more pounds of tomatoes on b.good Washington Street's roof this week. All month, we've been serving home-grown beauties like these downstairs in the restaurant., Today, at MA & RI b.goods, we officially start cutting fries with Szawlowski potatoes (Hatfield, MA). Proud to serve these spuds & proud we get to work with Frank. Spend 2 mins watching this & you'll know why:, Appreciated some love this week from BostInno. They wrote this nice article about the health benefits of our real food - http://bit.ly/1qt4sFm, In just 2 weeks, we're giving birth to our 16th baby in Nashua, NH (219 Daniel Webster Highway). In honor of it, we're loading up Harvey with some fresh kale and looking for offices in Nashua to blend some delicious smoothies at. We'll be starting tomorrow so let us know where we should go!, We're opening in Nashua, NH in 2 weeks (219 Daniel Webster Highway). So, yesterday, our buds from Green City Growers built these beds so we can grow our own kale in the parking lot next to our new baby., Congrats on you wedding day, Ulry! 9 years of loyal service to the b.good family & hands-down greatest salad-maker we've ever known. We love ya, buddy!, Just finished morning session of free yoga (& free cold pressed juice) at b.good Downtown. All thanks to our fearless fitness ambassador, Jenn Saldare Body Therapy & Boston Social Athletes, Maria just picked 175 pounds of tomatoes on our Washington St. roof! She's serving them up now. (Tomorrow morning, she's also bagging up dozens to give to her "family members" with the most visits at her restaurant.), A family member with incredible dance moves, artistic abilities, or the generous spirit to feed others? Vote for our Boylston Street "Cousin" -- the special kin who'll eat free real food for life. (For voting, we'll put a free drink on your Family ID tomorrow. Voting ends at midnight.) http://bit.ly/1yzUXos, Boston Chamber of Commerce just announced that we won the 2014 Small Business of The Year Award. We're incredibly honored to be recognized in the city where we started, live in & love. And we're incredibly grateful to our family of employees & customers for making it possible. http://bit.ly/1sJ9IDz, Last call to be like this guy & win free real food for life. 5 years ago, Chris busted-a-move to win a lifetime of burgers when we opened b.good Mass Ave. (Then, Chris donated his winnings to school kids in Boston.)
Contest to become our "cousin" at new Boylston Street b.good closes Friday at midnight: http://bit.ly/1peZRq6, Today, local corn & peaches officially arrived at all b.goods. So, welcome the glorious return of Sal Bacado Burger (corn salsa, avocado, bacon), sides of Grilled Corn, & Peach-Cherry Smoothies. (This corn is so good farming legend, Bill Spiller, ate it straight off the stalk when we visited his farm.), Day #3 at Boylston Street. Come check out our fresh mint!, Finally!!! We open b.good Boylston Street today (directly on the Boston Marathon finish line). It was a long, intense, painful wait. But, at 11am, we'll finally give birth to this very special b.good baby. Come on by & see us today!, Same warrior spirit. New look. Harvey, our 30-year-old smoothie truck with 350K miles, got tricked out today. The old fella looks glorious! The b.good family loves you, Harvey., Free bootcamp + bites at our Dartmouth Street b.good on Wednesday night! Thanks to our buddies @ultimatebootcamp, get a heart-pumping, fun-filled urban workout through streets of Boston & then refuel with some free real food. Register here asap: http://bit.ly/1tnjsH7, Really happy for our friends at Toscanini's. They racked up another Best of Boston Magazine win for best ice cream. We're proud to blend milkshakes with their ice cream & proud to work with folks like Mimi & Gus., Way harder than we ever thought to get our dream & mission into a 3 minute video. So, we're really excited to finally post this on our homepage this morning. We call it "Our Real Food Story" & we'd love for you to give it a watch., After a long, hard winter, Dick's blueberries are finally back. So, today we're officially blending Local Blueberry & Banana Smoothies (blueberries, banana, non-fat Greek yogurt, basil, dates, honey). And since the local harvest only lasts a few weeks, you'll want to get your sip on ASAP., 52 lb. of kale! Yesterday, Richie picked a bumper crop from our raised beds behind b.good Hingham. So, this weekend, we'll be using our own, homegrown greens in our salads, bowls, & smoothies down there., Kristin (& our team of excellent marketing interns) will head back to school before we know it. So, we're looking to hire a full-time Marketing Assistant in Boston to help spread b.good love. We care most about attitude, energy, communication skills, & love of real food. Apply here: http://bit.ly/1lZ3Ktg, Last call to win free burgers for life at our newest b.good baby in NJ (and to live the beautiful life of free real food like this special guy). 5 years ago, Chris busted a move to win his lifetime of burgers at Mass Ave. (Then, he donated his winnings to school kids in Boston.) Contest to find our Marlton "cousin" closes at midnight: http://bit.ly/1jct7go, Coming up on the last week for local strawberries. (3 weeks is way too short!) Hope this great pic Samantha took of our Local Strawberry Goat Cheese Salad gets you guys in to eat them before they're gone. http://instagram.com/p/pw6gUVleff/, Summer melons starting. So, this morning, we tested making these beauties again by pureeing fresh honeydew, watermelon, & cantaloupe with touch of honey & filtered water. Our "Sumer Agua Frescas" hit a few Boston b.good babies next week for test run. If you guys like them, please let us know., Our team of awesome interns loaded the truck with cold pressed juices & just posted up in front of b.good Summer Street for lunch. They're giving away free juices to kinfolk who have our updated app., Free all-level Vinyasa yoga class tomorrow at our Dartmouth Street b.good. Jenn, our family's first Fitness Ambassador, will have the workout, mats, & refreshing free 4 Petal cold-pressed juices for everyone who comes out.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1421122491500865/?source=3&source_newsfeed_story_type=regular, "Cuz' tonight baby, I want to eat freekeh with you!" In case you missed Wednesday's b.good family email, our excitement about new Grain & Greens Salad (with freekeh, a roasted green wheat) inspired us to make this weird music video - http://bit.ly/1poWQW4, At 11am today, we'll celebrate our grand opening in Marlton, NJ. (Yes, we're actually opening in Jersey today!) Even more special because our baby's owner is on her own personal journey to bring real food to her community. (Her daughter was born with a rare genetic disorder called Prader-Willi syndrome.) Good luck today, Deb! We're so proud you're a part of the b.good family. http://bit.ly/UMm6I7, Baby #14 will be born tomorrow. b.good Marlton, NJ (yes, we're bringing our real food to Jersey!) opens Thursday at The Promenade at Sagemore. If you're down there, come celebrate with us. If you're in New England, please let your Jersey/Philly friends know., Hot Sauce featuring G. Love & his son, Aiden rocked our Family BBQ yesterday! Thanks to everyone who came out on Sunday. We ate, drank, & danced to raise over $4,000 for local charities., Let's go, b.good family! Real food, real beer & real music (we promise we have a famous, special guest playing). All to raise money for folks inspired to help our community. Last call is 10am for online tix for Sunday's Family BBQ. We'll also be selling at door for few extra bucks. http://bit.ly/1ldYJ5j, Bromance, BBQ, & beer. Our friends at Harpoon wrote a nice blog post about why you should come to our Family BBQ on Sunday. http://bit.ly/1ldijgT, Our 11th annual Family BBQ is Sunday. Delicious local food, cold Harpoons, great music, local charities AND the chance to drop Chef Tony into the dunk tank. Learn more & get tix here: http://bit.ly/1ldYJ5j, Our Fitness Ambassador, Jennifer Menzer, is holding our 1st free yoga class at b.good Dartmouth St on Sunday, June 29th. She'll have the mats & the free 4 Petal cold pressed juice for everyone who comes out!, Harvey & Team b.good danced down Boylston today to show our Boston Pride., Local food, brews, & bands for local charities. The 11th annual b.good Family BBQ is next Sunday, June 22nd at SOWA in Boston's South End. Donate $25 for a ticket (kids are free): http://bit.ly/1hTS0gj, Visited Anna Spiller in Wells, Maine this morning & got to try first strawberries of season. Next week, our Local Strawberry & Goat Cheese Salad returns! (We'll make it with baby spinach, local strawberries, goat cheese, figs, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette.), Fired up that old school b.good family member, Jenn, agreed to be our first-ever “Fit Food Ambassador”. Our own resident holistic nutrition coach & fitness trainer will be offering free fitness classes & nutrition workshops at our Boston b.good babies. (Morning yoga classes are coming to our restaurants soon! We actually just bought 30 yoga mats for the b.good family.) http://bit.ly/1xoDIsn, Busted out this new salad called "Grain & Greens" today at a few b.goods. We're making it with freekeh (grain), kale, tomato, feta, cukes, garbanzos, & kalamata olives. It'll be everywhere in next couple of weeks., Chef Tony's latest brainchild for new burger topping  -- spicy, grilled green beans. Should be on top of a b.good burger (veggie, beef, turkey or chicken sandwich) near you in a few weeks., Spent weekend grilling for thousands of ravenous athletes at the Crossfit Games (Reebok HQ). So, had no choice but to bring Manny, the godfather of the b.good grill & our 1st ever employee, out of retirement., Served real food to every student & teacher at Mather Elementary School this week (700 burgers & green smoothies). It was all thanks to the generous b.good kin who used our "family system" to donate their freebies. (You can pay our "gifts" forward on our updated iPhone app or by logging into your account at our website.), Yesterday, Scotty the Intern (he's also the starting center on Northeastern's hoop team) loaded elevator with 70 lb of kale we picked on our downtown roof. (We also picked 59 lb in Hingham.) Today, we brought every ounce to our restaurants so we could blend it in free Kale Crush Smoothies for our family tomorrow., Growing so much mint at Harvard Square b.good that we decided to do it in Bedford too. Grow lights & planters installed in Bedford yesterday. Fresh, home-grown mint will be in smoothies & bowls out there soon., A week from today (5/27), we're cooking all the real food our family members have donated over the last 4 months for the kids at Mather Elementary School. If you have freebies you'd like to contribute, download our updated iPhone app or login to your account here. (And if you'd like to come with us, email jonandanthony@bgood.com.) Thanks to all our kinfolk who donated. Tuesday is going to be incredible!, Tested these beauties this morning -- "Summer Agua Frescas". Fresh pressed cantaloupe, watermelon & honeydew with just a touch of honey & water. Pushing to get them to our b.good babies when local melons come in., Say hello to our latest real food brainchild. We'll be blending these (acai berries, fruit, coconut milk, chia, & honey) at all b.goods by June., Right now, Aubree is driving this beautiful baby up to us. (The incredible owner of b.good NJ is letting us borrow her new truck for a week so we can break it it on our beloved Boston streets.) By tomorrow, Aubree will be cooking up free fries on a street corner near you! (Yes, this baby bakes fries & sweet potato fries!), Only 10 hours left for the opportunity to live the beautiful life of free real food like this special guy. (Chad is our Portland “cousin” who made a rap song about us.) Tell us why you’ll be our “cousin” in Cranston (or even better, send a pic or video). Best entry wins FREE BURGERS FOR LIFE IN CRANSTON. Entry deadline is midnight tonight. Winner announced Saturday. So, enter ASAP: http://bit.ly/cranstoncuz, Now that spring is finally here, our 800 kale seedlings are starting to come on strong. In couple weeks, we'll celebrate 1st harvest by blending free home-grown Kale Crushes for the b.good family. (BTW, we plan on crushing the 1,435 lbs of veggies we grew & served you guys last summer.) http://bit.ly/ourkale, Vegans rejoice! Took way too many disappointed customer emails, but we've finally unlocked the secret of egg-less veggie burgers -- it's all about the flaxseed (brown ingredient in middle). Serving them now at Harvard Sq & Summer St. Will be at every b.good in 2 weeks. http://instagram.com/p/nY2nMiD9gC/, Celebrating 2nd day in Cranston (& doing important quality control work again) with West Side veggie, fries & Foolproof IPA (Pawtucket, RI). http://bit.ly/1rxd9gI, Lucky baby #13 will be born tomorrow. Yes, b.good Cranston (Rhode Island) opens Friday in Garden City Center. Real food inside. Live music & weird b.good games on the patio. Come celebrate with us!, Build a skatepark to transform a town. Teach dance at juvenile detention facilities. Spread awareness that inspires healthy living in underserved communities. Decide our foundation's 5th grant recipient (and gets some of the cash raised by the Burger Brigade). If you're family, your vote gets you a free side on Monday - http://bit.ly/1tEQocI, 4th Annual Ice Cream Truck Battle on the streets of Harvard Square in 2 hours! Free shakes from us. Free scoops from Ben & Jerry's. Live music. All to help raise money for our community. Let's get ready to rumble! http://on.fb.me/P9mPQ6, FREE SHAKES & ICE CREAM TOMORROW (FRIDAY)! Our 4th Annual Ice Cream Truck Battle against Ben & Jerry's is tomorrow from 2-5pm in front of b.good Harvard Square. As always, truck that raises most money for our start-up foundation wins title of "the greatest ice cream truck in Boston & Cambridge". http://on.fb.me/P9mPQ6, null, 4 days until Marathon Monday & the mighty Burger Brigade is ready to do their b.good family proud. Check out the nice ink Monika got today: http://bit.ly/1nrCLJJ, We dashed 3 miles through streets of Boston & stopped at 3 b.goods & our ice cream truck. We dined on a burger, fry, smoothie & shake. Thanks to all the incredible b.good family members who came out for the 1st annual Burger Brigade Dine 'n Dash. Because of you, we raised lots of money for our foundation., Planted 184 baby kale seedlings on roof yesterday at b.good Washington Street. (Hingham garden is next.) They'll be fresh Kale Crush smoothies in 6 weeks. http://instagram.com/p/mq7jjwD9pk/, Run a little, eat a burger... run a little more, drink a smoothie... 
This Saturday, run (& eat) with us in 1st annual Burger Brigade Dine 'n Dash. $20 registration all goes to our foundation. Prizes & post race drinks at JJ Foleys Cafe. Sign up: http://tinyurl.com/kfk8m25, Like we said in this morning's email newsletter, our friends at @SirKensingtons are giving away 4 gift packs of their tasty condiments to commemorate our switch to their all-natural ketchup. For a chance to win, comment on this post by Saturday with the name of your favorite burger from our menu., Honored to get some love this afternoon from one of our favorite business mags - http://tinyurl.com/o9pn6y4, 3rd (& we think our best) kale & quinoa bowl hits Dedham & Burlington tomorrow. (It'll be at all others in a week.) Get ready for the Spicy Avocado & Lime bowl!, In a month, a beautiful, new b.good baby (& the one we moved from Newbury St) will be born at 665 Boylston Street. (We made it official this morning by hanging this beauty shot of our buddy, Bill Spiller, in the window.), These heroes saved our baby kale this morning. (Now, it's growing safely at the community garden on Concord Ave in Somerville.) Huge thanks to the incredible volunteers & our buddies at Green City Growers who rescued our babies. http://tinyurl.com/nggkt3h, Support the Burger Brigade & our foundation. Come out to Brandeis U. on Sunday for first Brandeis Color 5k: good in motion! Enjoy the first signs of spring: a color run, free b.good food, music, prizes, AND all while making a difference in the Greater Boston community. It's a FUN run, so bring your family & friends, & enjoy the after-party too! Proceeds from the race will go directly to the b.good Family Foundation. Learn more: go.brandeis.edu/color5k, Shana saved our baby kale! (Thanks to everyone who offered space & ideas.) On Thursday, we'll move our baby pools from our downtown roof to Concord Ave Community Garden in Somerville. Volunteer to help #savethekale, we'll feed you lunch: http://tinyurl.com/nggkt3h, Hero to our start-up foundation, Monika spent Sunday running 14 miles w/ this stuffed tube of beefy goodness around her waist. With Boston Marathon less than month away, we're planning lots of ways for the b.good family to support the Burger Brigade & our foundation.
http://tinyurl.com/nduznju, Help save our baby kale! (Our landlord just let us know we can't use downtown roof for 2 months.) All you need is some outdoor space near Boston. Green City Growers & team b.good will do the rest. #SaveTheKale
http://tinyurl.com/nggkt3h, First day of spring. So, Fox 25 invited Harvey, our lion-hearted, 35 year-old ice cream truck, over to blend smoothies this morning. (The old boy never lets us down.) http://tinyurl.com/p586y2d, Free green milkshakes today in Southie! Harvey spread b.good love all day at the St. Patricks's Day parade., Up in Portland today to meet with our Maine team. Commitment to quality control left us no choice but to taste-test a Frye's Leap IPA at lunch., We're celebrating St. Pat's by launching this new green smoothie. Three Greens (spinach, lime, mint, honey, almond milk, hemp seed) will hit all b.goods on Monday. And our family members will sip on it for free (w/ purchase)., Maria (the catering boss) spent the afternoon blending hundreds of kale crush smoothies (& grilling burgers) for the strong, hungry minds at TripAdvisor headquarters in Newton. Follow b.good catering to see more of our catering team in action., Quest to make fast-food "real" advanced a little more today. In Boston & Harvard Sq, fries will now be dipped in the all-natural goodness of Sir Kensington's ketchup. (No GMOs or high fructose corn syrup.) It'll be in every b.good in another couple of weeks., Good bye & good riddance, Coke! (You never should've been in a business whose goal is to serve real food.) Maine Root soda is now flowing at Washington Street today. 3 b.goods down, 9 to go...., Thanks to Bill & Ray, Maine Root soda flows on Dartmouth Street today! Our new soda with no-GMOs & organic cane sugar coming soon to every b.good. (2 down, 10 to go.), Brendan from Recover Green Roofs, LLC installed grow-lights today in Harvard Square b.good. We're growing our own fresh mint for our new Kale & Quinoa Bowl, Lemon-Mint salad dressing, & iced tea., Yesterday, Huffington Post felt the love. They wrote this nice article about the way we treat the famiy. http://tinyurl.com/mmnkz9q, This week, we removed Drunk Elvis milkshake from our menu. Today, b.good family member, Dereck sends us this song he wrote. Now, we have no choice but to reconsider. http://tinyurl.com/lo6ft3a, Yesterday, our buddies at Green City Growers & Recover Green Roofs teamed up to install 2 of these boxes so we can start growing our own fresh mint inside b.good Harvard Square. (Grow lights coming on Monday.), Today, we officially crowned Elizabeth & Roxanne our 2014 Customer(s) of Year. And that means, today they began a year of eating our food for free. See why we call them "the greatest": http://tinyurl.com/l74e94h, Nothing cooler than when the farmers in photos on our walls are the farmers eating real food in our restaurants. Yesterday, Hal came by b.good Portland for lunch (he raises beef a few towns away in New Gloucester)., Starting up cold pressed juice today @ Dartmouth St, Washington St & Harvard Sq. We'll be sampling there @ lunch. So, if you're coming by, sip & let us know., Quest to make fast-food "real" inched forward a bit more today. Replaced Coke fountain in Harvard Square with Maine Root (organic cane sugar, no GMOs). In 2 weeks, it'll be flowing at all b.goods., New + improved family system launched & ready! You visit. We send gifts of real food that you can redeem, share with a friend, or donate to these kids (we partnered with Mather Elementary School in Dorchester). Update our iPhone app or log in here: http://app.bgood.com/, Last week, we finally brought our new Kale & Quinoa Bowls to all our b.good babies. Tomorrow morning, our "family" email will be a special offer to make sure everyone tries them ASAP. (Kinfolk - prepare your inboxes.), Tomorrow, it'll be official. Our kale & quinoa veggie bowls will finally be on the menu at every single one of our b.good babies. (We make them with organic quinoa, kale, sauteed veggies, wild mushrooms, beets, cannellini beans, parmesan cheese, red pepper vinaigrette.), We missed you, Frank Szawlowski. After month of PEI spuds, we're back to cutting potatoes grown by our buddy in Hatfield, MA., Started couple of new homemade drinks in Harvard Square this weekend. Rosemary Lemonade and Beet Ginger Lemonade. If feedback is good, we'll bring them to all b.goods ASAP., Friday always means it's time to make the pickles. Wash, cut, season & start pickling cukes for next week's Cousin Olivers., Despite weather, picking up these beautiful babies today from In Stitches Sewing and Design reminded us that spring will actually get here. Boston Marathon in exactly 3 months. Burger Brigade will be ready. http://tinyurl.com/menje6a, Spent yesterday taste-testing new beet smoothie (beets, carrots, orange, & ginger). Going live with it on Tuesday at Washington Street b.good. Once we know what you guys think, we'll be blending them up at all our babies., Took us too long, but just got nutritionals back from lab for our new menu items. Will get these online next week, but for now wanted to post here in case you guys were eating/sipping on them this weekend:

KALE & QUINOA VEGGIE BOWL
unsat fat 17
sat fat 4
cal 546
carbs 64
protein 21

KALE CRUSH SMOOTHIE
unsat fat 0
sat fat 0
cal 209
carbs 47
protein 5

KOKOMO SMOOTHIE
unsat fat 3
sat fat 0.2
cal 446
carbs 69
protein 3, A few nights late, but toasted 10 years. (Our 1st b.good baby on Dartmouth St. officially turned 10 years old at beginning of week.) Best part of this whole thing -- being able to work with your best friends for a decade., Like all our birthdays, we're also celebrating by giving a family member free burgers for the next year of our life. Tell us why you were our Customer of The Year before midnight Friday: http://tinyurl.com/m3bsqlt

(This is Ryan & Bethany. They took the title last year by jogging to all our restaurants & eating burgers along the way.), We'd never let evil technological forces keep our kinfolk from celebrating our 10th birthday. So, extending our party another day for entire family (even those who came yesterday - you guys can come again). Check your inboxes this morning & come celebrate a belated b.good birthday. (And sorry about yesterday's technical difficulties.), Wow... 10 years. It's been a crazy, incredible, life-changing journey. Thanks to our family of customers for making it possible. This morning, check your inboxes & come celebrate our 10th birthday today. (We have cheesy decorations, live music at a bunch of our restaurants, & 10-cent gifts.), Big day in Portland. Bill Spiller, the guy who grows all our seasonal produce (and whose face adorns our walls), made it off his farm in Wells, Maine to get in for his first b.good burger., Blizzard couldn't delay launch of our new Veggie Bowl in Harvard Sq, Bedford, Burlington, & Glastonbury. (Kale, quinoa, beets, sauteed veggies, cannelli beans, wild mushrooms, parmesan, & red pepper vinaigrette.) In a week or so, it'll be on the menu at the rest of our b.good babies., Our own special way of saying Happy Holidays to the b.good Family., Freezing rain couldn't stop us from driving to northern VT today to visit some beef farmers & meatpackers. Loren (Shoreham, VT) is one of the fellas who raises the beef we'll be grinding next year., Put the gift of real food under the tree. Buy our gift cards online by tomorrow so we can get it to you by the 25th. ($25 gift cards for $20 & $50 for $40.)
http://bgood.com/bgood_gift_cards.php, Yesterday, we surprised our greatest kinfolk with these. Homemade pickles, BBQ sauce, & veggie burger mix was our holiday gift for the 10 family members each b.good with most visits., Our funny "family" holiday calendars are here for kinfolk today! And they're jam packed with a year's worth of coupons for free real food. But, this year, we're requiring a $5 donation to our foundation. Donate online & bring in your PayPal receipt to any b.good today: http://tinyurl.com/pettzv2, At this very moment, the Joanie Burger (avocado, sriracha, homemade spicy slaw) makes her official return to our winter seasonal menu. Today, we're also busting out a Grilled Kale Salad, Butternut Squash Soup, & Kokomo Smoothie. Family members, prepare your inboxes for a free seasonal special & come visit!, 27 degrees may be cold for shakes. But, Harvey can't be stopped. He's dishing up free butternut soup samples in Harvard Sq. right now. (Tomorrow, we start homemade soup, Joanie burger, Grilled Kale Salad, & Kokomo Smoothies for our new seasonal specials.), Sena, Aubree & Tess were happy to bring our beef (& veggies) to Harpoon Brewery today. We grilled for the 400 Harpoon Helps volunteers who decorated 28 homeless shelters all over the city., Last night, we closed applications for the 6 Boston Marathon bibs our foundation is giving to our family members. Lots of great entries. But none stronger (or more insane) than Joe's: http://tinyurl.com/kgymzdq, Final days of grilling green chiles here. Our winter "seasonal special", The Joanie (avocado, siracha, homemade spicy slaw), returns Thursday. (And along with it, we're also busting out a new smoothie, kale salad, & homemade butternut squash soup.), Just over 24 hrs left to apply for our Boston Marathon charity bibs. Yes, the bandit crew known as the Burger Brigade (our team of weirdos who run 26.2 in burger suits) is actually legit this year. Our foundation is giving its 6 bibs to b.good family members here: http://tinyurl.com/q8nnstr, You named the Goomba & Joanie. Now name this. Next week, we start a new smoothie with coconut milk, pineapple, orange, lime, ginger, & agave. If we use the name you post here, you better believe we'll be buying lots of these tasty beverages for you., Saturday night, we partied with Frank, the patriarch of our potatoes. (He grows every spud we cut.) The Swazlowski Farms Agricultural Foundation asked us to be their guest of honor & speak at their gala. Their mission is to encourage the next generation of farmers in Western Mass., We have lots to be thankful for. But, on Thanksgiving Day, we were especially thankful for Matt, our crazy b.good family member in Glastonbury, CT. This is how he ran the huge "Turkey Trot" in Manchester., Give holiday gifts made by people, not factories. Buy our gift cards online this holiday season & save some cash. $25 gift cards for $20 & $50 for $40.
http://bgood.com/bgood_gift_cards.php, Taste-tested bunch of new homemade drinks today (teas, lemonades, agua frescas, etc). Sounds weird, but best one was beet lemonade. Anyway, it inspired age-old debate about replacing Coke fountain with expanded selection of "real" beverages. Thoughts?, The Burger Brigade (the team of weirdos that runs 26.2 in burger suits) actually got legit Boston Marathon charity bibs. Our foundation is giving those 6 bibs to b.good family members who best tell us why they have what it takes: http://tinyurl.com/q8nnstr, Work in an office that orders group lunches or dinners? We'd like to visit with a free catered "tasting". Just post here if you're interested in learning more. (Erica, our catering boss, will follow up next week.), Today, this 5 lbs. of kale was the last harvest of the year at our Hingham garden. Tomorrow, it'll be in our Kale Crush smoothies. (Thanks to our buddies at Green City Growers for another great year of real food.), Hello family members, we dropped some info about online orders, catered tastings & our Boston Marathon bibs in your inboxes this morning. In case you missed it, we're giving the kinfolk who order online this week a freebie next week. So, order here before Sunday night: http://order.bgood.com/, Help us (& help some Emerson students doing a project on our "family" system). Take this survey they made. We'll send free fries next week: http://tinyurl.com/okwv9c4, 36 degrees out right now. But, we just got in tomatoes like it's August. This week, we're serving up these juicy babies from Fairview Farms' greenhouse in Whatley, MA., Spent weekend taste-testing Chef Tony's ideas for a new kale salad (w/ grilled romaine & radiccio). Some version these coming to our menu in couple of weeks., We're looking for our next Kristin. (She won our foundation's grant last week to help kids grow more real food in the city.) So, we're giving away another $4K to fund an idea to do good in our community. Send us your idea by Friday 11/29. Then, you'll vote to pick our next winner: http://tinyurl.com/o8nke4r, Got some nice ink from some press that likes food made by people, not factories. Thanks a lot, Entrepreneur Magazine & PJA Radio
http://tinyurl.com/n4qt495
and
http://tinyurl.com/mddrda2, Tomorrow is the perfect day to drive around in a beautiful, flame-covered ice cream truck & give out some more Halloween treats. Just tell us why you want Harvey to bring you and your office free pumpkin shakes tomorrow and we will announce the 5 lucky winners by 11am., Happy Halloween! Family members, prepare your inboxes for our blended treats. Pumpkin milkshakes are en route this morning., "Healthy food is hard to get". That's what it says on this mural behind the gardening beds at Groundwork Somerville. And that's what our foundation's 3rd grant winner is trying to fix. Yes, thanks to your votes, we gave $4K to Kristin at Groundwork Somerville this morning. She'll use the cash to help kids grow more real food & make healthy food a little easier to get., This is Steve. We just spent the afternoon on his farm in Rehoboth. After we open in Cranston, RI (Garden City) later this winter, we'll be proudly serving his real food in the spring., Food allergies, secret talents, dog's names, or the way you like your burgers. Family Members, don't forget to give us a "fun fact" before tomorrow night. We'll try to make the way we treat you more personal (& send you a free side on Monday). http://tinyurl.com/mgzhl6x, A professional musician wants to play chamber music at local homeless shelters. A youth worker wants to build an urban garden for his kids in Somerville. And a bike activist wants to stop night-riding bicyclists without lights on busy streets & give them lights. 3 real people inspired to do good. Now, you guys decide who gets our start-up foundation’s $4K grant. Please vote:
http://tinyurl.com/m23lko8, Day #3 of new "Veggie Bowls" we're testing on Summer Street. This time, we're making them with quinoa, kale, sauteed veggies, marinated cannellini beans, parm, & homemade rosemary vinaigrette. If feedback & sales are good, we'll roll this to other b.good babies soon., Nothing better than a little all-natural, house-ground goodness after running 13.1 miles. So, we brought our A-team (i.e. Manny, Ulry, & Ricardo), our game faces, & 4,000 burgers & veggie burgers to the finish line of today's BAA Half Marathon., We've taken our burgers digital. Online ordering has officially started at every b.good. Hit bgood.com, order, & pay. Then, cut the line & get our real food in your mouth even faster., Thanks to you guys, side salads are back. We stupidly removed them last week without asking the family. Customers emailed to set us straight. So today, side salads back on our registers. By tomorrow, they should be back on our menu boards., Crafty (& hungry) woodchuck foiled our plan in Hingham to grow own kale for new Kale Crush smoothies. (We grow some veggies behind our restaurant in Hingham.) Our response this weekend -- plant more kale & put up this:, Calling all inspired ideas! We're giving away $4,000 of the money you helped us raise to fund an idea to do good in our community. But, to fund one, you've got to tell us about them! Send us your idea by Thursday 10/10. Then, be on the look out later in the month to help us pick a winner: http://tinyurl.com/o8nke4r, Breakin' for burgers... Rafael submitted this video to be our "cousin" in Portland (& to try to win free burgers for life). Family will decide his fate with a vote next week. http://tinyurl.com/p26ydsd, Big day for us here. Local chiles, apples, cauliflower, & kale are in the house. So, today we're officially serving our fall menu's "seasonal specials". Family members prepare your inboxes for some autumnal b.good love & come visit!, Our Portland (Maine) b.good baby will be born tomorrow. But first, we celebrate tonight with the family. FREE burgers, fries & salads. Live music & weird b.good games out front. Wednesday 6-8pm at 15 Exchange Street. Come party with us tonight!, Old Port, here we come (finally)! Newest b.good baby will be born in Portland, Maine on Thursday. Our "family" pre-opening party is Wednesday night with free food, live music, & weird b.good games. If you're not already kin, join the family (& select Portland) at our site for the invite., b.good family member, Fred, sent us this great pic last week. On his wedding day this summer, his best man got worried he'd lose the rings. So, Fred pulled one of our fry coupons (they're shaped like potatoes) from his wallet, rolled it up, & used a "ring-bearing potato". According to the groom, the wedding (& ring delivery) was perfect., Honored to serve a turkey burger (& eat lunch with) Ben from Ben & Jerry's at Dartmouth Street yesterday. No better role model & inspiration for staying true to your brand values of making a difference., Our unborn baby in Portland, ME is way, way past it's due date. (We're still waiting to schedule final Inspections so not sure if delivery day will be this weekend or early next week.) So, we're still looking for the special someone who'll eat free burgers there for life. Just tell us why you’ll be our Portland “cousin” - http://tinyurl.com/phurbrf, Manny, the 1st ever b.good employee, is running our grills at the Life Is Good Festival today. He's here with thousands of burgers, sweet potato fries, & a 35-year-old milkshake-making-truck named Harvey. If you're coming, find us & show us your Family ID. We'll show you some family love., Dished up 500 real burgers to Bedford kids today at John Glenn Middle School. We're battling pink slime by bringing our burgers to public schools in 6 suburbs + 1 in Dorchester. (By next summer, we could serve as many as 50K all-natural burgers & veggie burgers to hungry young minds around here!), BusinessWeek likes food made by people, not factories. They wrote this nice stuff about us last week. http://buswk.co/17qXVk3, Thanks to b.good kin who came to last month's Family BBQ & the ones who ran the marathon in burger suits, our start-up foundation has raised more than $20K this year. Now, it's time to give more of the cash to somebody inspired to do good. So, tell us your great idea or cause by Thursday October 10th. We'll put the top applicants out to vote & you guys will pick the winner of our 3rd grant of $4,000. http://www.bgoodfamilyfoundation.com/, Today, we officially start cutting fries from Frank's potatoes (Swaz Potato Farm in Hatfield, MA). If you'd like wearing Frank's face on your chest, tell us why by commenting below. We'll pick the 10 best & mail you guys a shirt by the end of the week., Drank another one today so know that "Kale Crush" is just about ready for our smoothie menu (kale, apple, pear, banana, & apple cider). We'll make it official & you guys will be sipping it in 2 weeks., A flame-covered ice cream truck with free milkshakes & team of dancing burgers have just landed in Portland, Maine. We open on Exchange Street in 2 weeks. So, spreading some b.good in the Old Port this weekend., Forgot to post this a while ago. Anyway, this is the man who eats free burgers for life at b.good Glastonbury. (Liam won our "cousin" contest when we opened down there this summer.) He has many, many delicious years ahead of him. http://tinyurl.com/m5sgb33, We're finally testing this for real on Summer Street menu next week. Calling it "Uncle Faris' Veggie Bowls". Organic quinoa & brown rice with fresh veggies (like kale, beets, broccoli, etc.) & homemade ginger sauce. What do you guys think?, Excited to get some ink this morning from one of our favorite magazines. Fast Company did a little profile of our homegrown veggies: http://tinyurl.com/m5fmj9c, This is the farming legend who'll grow all our seasonal veggies for b.good Portland. Bill's corn is so good, we ate it raw right off the stalk (just like him)., Next month, the beautiful b.good baby that'll be born in Portland, ME will actually have local beer & wine. So yesterday, we visited some incredible craft breweries up there. (This is a cool pic we took at Allagash.), We harvested these today from our garden behind b.good Hingham. (We'll grow every tomato we put on our Local Tomato & Mozzarella Salads in Hingham & Washington Street.) If you want one, comment how many pounds we picked into those buckets. Come within 5 lbs & we'll put a free side salad on your Family ID. And if someone guesses exactly right, everyone who posts will get a free side salad. Just 3 rules:
1) This ends Friday at 10am
2) Must be in the family to get a salad
3) 1 guess per person, Best day of year for us here. Local corn, tomatoes & peaches have arrived. So, today we're officially serving Sal Bacado, Grilled Corn, Local Tomato Mozzarella Salad, & Peach Smoothies. Family members check your inboxes & come visit!, Local corn is making its annual comeback on Wednesday. (We're serving up ears with cotija cheese, jalapeno, cilantro, & lime.) And that means Sal Bacado, our seasonal burger with corn salsa, bacon & avocado, returns too. Kinfolk, prepare your inboxes accordingly on Wednesday a.m., Together - with our family of customers - we raised $3,047 at Sunday's Family BBQ. Thanks to all the kinfolk who came out to eat, drink, dance, & dunk us in the tank. In a month or so, you'll decide the person who gets to use this money to help others in our community., The food will be delicious, the beer frosty, the cause worthy, & the music jamming. China Fox, Life Electric, Cameron Galpin, & this 8 piece band called Big Party Orchestra will rock our 10 annual Family BBQ on Sunday. 
Buy your tickets today: http://tinyurl.com/lv6hcyg, This Sunday, $20 won't just get you burgers, veggie burgers, salads, Harpoon brew, Ben & Jerry's ice cream, blueberry milkshakes, & live music. It will also get you the chance to dump Chef Tony in this dunk tank we just rented for our Family BBQ. 
Donate $20 & get a ticket now (kids are free): http://tinyurl.com/lv6hcyg, Kale or watermelon? We know it's a weird question. But, local peaches are almost here & we've been debating next recipe. So, let us know if you'd rather have a Peach-Watermelon Smoothie (w/ Greek yogurt) or a Peach-Kale (w/ almond milk). 2 weeks until peaches arrive, so appreciate your 2 cents., Local burgers, beers, & bands for local charities. The 10th annual b.good Family BBQ is Sunday, August 4th at SOWA in the South End, Boston. Donate $20 & get a ticket now (kids are free): http://tinyurl.com/lv6hcyg, Just a weird, crazy, awesome day for us. Thanks to the b.good family (our customers & team members past & present) for making a day like this possible., He made it! New York City, please welcome Harvey. (We just parked out in front of ABC's studio. Looks like we're going to be on segment on street after show called GMA Live.), We're going on Good Morning America tomorrow. (Seriously, we not joking. And seriously, we have no idea how this happened.) Anyway, they asked us to bring any of our tomatoes that were ready. So, we just picked these on the downtown roof. NYC here we come! (Family members, we'll send a note about how we do in the Big Apple tomorrow morning after it's over. Please say a prayer for Harvey. He leaves in an hour.), Permits are on the wall so it's official. Our Glastonbury (CT) b.good baby will be born tomorrow. But first, we celebrate tonight. FREE burgers, fries & shakes. Live music on the patio. Wednesday 6-8pm at Somerset Square. Come party with us tonight!, We just got first local blueberries of the season from Dick's, Lanni's & Botticello's (CT). So kinfolk, check your inboxes tomorrow morning. Then, prepare yourself for our new-&-improved Local Blueberry Shake. (This year, we're making it with Greek yogurt, honey & other real food goodness). For rest of week, it'll be free with purchase for family members., b.good baby #12 will be born in Glastonbury, CT on Thursday. So, giving away free burgers for life. (Yes, one burger a day in Glastonbury for as long as you walk this Earth.) Just tell us why you’ll be our “cousin” - http://tinyurl.com/k82omx4, 1 week until b.good baby #12 is born in Glastonbury, CT. So, Rob just planted his own tomatoes on patio down there. Our grand opening is Thursday (7/18) & family "pre-party" is Wednesday night., We swear this really just happened. Good Morning America asked us to bring Harvey (our milkshake truck) & some of our roof-top-grown veggies to NYC in 2 weeks. (Almost zero chance Harvey can get to NY without a tow truck. But, we left that out of our conversation with show's producer.), Important stuff from our hero. People who sell food must take responsibility for what it does to the people who eat it., The road to real-food glory has led us west. In 2 weeks weeks, we'll make b.good history by giving birth outside state lines. Yes, delivering our 12th baby in Glastonbury, CT (The Shops at Somerset Square). Pushing & praying for grand opening on July 18th!, Beautiful, weird songs about b.good or a burger-delivering robot? Help us decide who we adopt as our "cousin" in Bedford (& who eats free burgers there for life). If you vote, we'll put some free fries on your Family ID by Friday - 
http://www.bgood.com/bgood_bedford_vote.php, This is how we feel about our new baby in Bedford. (Yes, today's grand opening made us very happy.), Officially giving birth tomorrow in Bedford. But, first we celebrate tonight with the family. Free burgers, fries & shakes 6-8pm in Bedford (168 Great Road)., Permits are on the wall so it's official. Our Bedford baby will be born this Saturday. Family pre-party with free burgers & live music is on for 6-8pm tomorrow night (Friday). Family members, email invite coming in morning. Come party with us tomorrow!, Burlington family members! The pre-opening, free-burger party that we told lots of you would happen tonight has been POSTPONED. We're still waiting on permits. We'll let you know when we reschedule. We're still hoping to open sometime this week., b.good baby #11 will be born in Bedford on Wednesday. So, giving away free burgers for life. (Yes, one burger a day in Bedford for as long as you walk this Earth.) Just tell us why you’ll be our “cousin” - http://tinyurl.com/kobrnpu, 1st lunch just started at John Glenn Middle School in Bedford. Since we're birthing baby #11 in Bedford on Wednesday, we're at the cafeteria grilling up hundreds of real burgers for the kids., Yesterday, we served up our home-grown collards for free. Check out the 486 lbs we grew on our downtown roof & behind Hingham b.good., Big day for us here.... local strawberries, grilled zucchini, & collards we grew ourselves. Family members check your inboxes & come visit!, Just picked 486 lbs. of collard greens from our downtown roof & beds behind b.good Hingham. (Seriously, 486 pounds of collards!) Tomorrow, we're serving them free (until we run out) to our family members., Lots of Boston Pride in our burger suits. (We don't just use them to run marathons.), Harvey's showing our Boston pride today. We're marching down Clarendon now!, Also.... while we were grilling at the High School, Harvey was blending at Bedford Fire. (It wouldn't be right for us to move in to a new neighborhood without making shakes for the guys & girls who'll protect our new baby.), Giving birth in Bedford in 2 weeks. (Due date for b.good baby #11 is Wednesday the 19th.) So, yesterday, we brought house-ground burgers by the hundreds out to Bedford High School. Always good feeding real food to hungry young minds in one of our new 'hoods., It's Hunter's last day at the b.good he's worked in for almost 10 yrs. (Yes, our baby bird has been promoted). So we made this: http://tinyurl.com/kd3xl52, A little heat couldn't keep Rui, our green-thumbed grill-man, from getting up on our downtown roof today. We're serving these fresh collards June 11th!, This is Maria. Help us find another one & we'll pay you in house-ground beef. Yes, we need another Catering Assistant Manager because after 5 years of service to the b.good family, Maria is going home to Chicago. So, if you or anyone you know is interested in filling her giant shoes, email us at catering@bgood.com. (Refer us the star we hire & we'll give you a $100 gift card for the help.), Harvey is spending the day blending milkshakes for patriots in Bedford. Happy Memorial Day everyone!, In case you missed our newsletter this week, we wrote the b.good Family Foundation's 2nd check ever on Monday & gave it to Steve. He's the incredible b.good family member our kinfolk voted in as our 2nd grant recipient. Steve & his son, Sean, founded the Ultimate Sports Program to promote social inclusion through sports by bringing together kids with special needs & their more typical peers to play sports together., This is Leah, our new marketing intern. Today, she passed the most important test in becoming a "real" food marketer. She drove Harvey, our 30 year-old ice cream truck, from Cambridge to Boston. Congrats Leah & welcome to the b.good family., The quest to make fast-food "real" pushed forward a bit more yesterday. All our tomatoes all year long are now from Backyard Farms in Madison, Maine. (This is Jean, one of the gardeners up there who grows vine-ripened tomatoes in their greenhouse year-round.), Earlier this spring, we offered to grind beef at your house if you donated $1,000 to our start-up foundation (via the Burger Brigade). Tonight, we visited our first donor to grind & grill for his son Edwin's 9th birthday. (Edwin got in on the action.), This is Gene from Merill, ME. He raises some of our beef (& looks damn good doing it). The coolest part of this pic is that it was sent to us by the guys (father and son duo) bringing a b.good baby to Portland, ME this summer. Yesterday, they went up to visit Gene so they'd know the guy who raises the all-natural beef they'll be grinding. That kind of dedication to the cause gives us a very good feeling about our tag-team bringing real food to the Old Port., Signs went up today. So, baby #11 feels a little more real. Yes, another beautiful b.good baby will be born in Bedford (168 Great Road) in 3 weeks., Night #2 of testing new dinner plates at Dartmouth Street. (We're testing in Back Bay for a month or so to see if there's potential for this.) Grilled, local steak, all-natural chicken or homemade veggie fritters served with crisp veggies & whole grain rice. Thoughts?, Today, we officially gave our foundation's 1st grant to the Richard family by depositing $6,252 into their account at Meetinghouse Bank in Dorchester. The whole thing was even more special because of where the money came from. $4,000 was raised by the Burger Brigade (the 17 b.good family members who ran the marathon in burger suits) & $2,252 came from the generous donations of lots of you guys, our kinfolk who responded to last Tuesday's newsletter., We were on the tube last Friday. Melissa Francis & Fox Business had us on to get a Boston small business' take on the terrorists: http://tinyurl.com/clxlgw9, Last week, we kicked off our annual springtime rite of passage. So, planted tons of collard greens on our downtown roof & behind b.good Hingham. (FYI - we plan on beating the 1,100 pounds of tomatoes and 450 pounds of collards we grew & served you guys last summer.), Southwestern Chicken Salad & West Side get even better today. (Adding fresh homemade salsa, chipotle puree, & fresh-squeezed lime to the West Side. Southwestern Salad gets fresh grilled corn & new-and-improved marinated black beans.) 

Family members, check your inboxes for a reason to try them ASAP., thanks for all notes. burger brigade is safe. our thoughts & prayers are with victims and their families., Hello Hopkington! A bus full of beef has just arrived at your starting line., The 14 fearless members of the Burger Brigade start their journey to Hopkinton. If & when you guys see them today, please cheer for them & what they've done for our foundation. Godspeed, you crazy band of running burgers. The b.good family loves you., Spontaneous Ice Cream Truck Battle breaking out at 174 Newbury Street in 45 minutes. Last minute idea for Burger Brigade to collect some last-minute donations before Marathon Monday. FREE Ben & Jerry's scoops, FREE shakes from us, & live music from 11am-1pm. When Battle ends, the Brigade starts last "Fun Run" down Boylston & Newbury. Come run with us! (We have extra burger suits!), 2 hard-fought Ice Cream Truck Battles raised $1,165 dollars for our start-up foundation. Thanks to everyone who came out & contributed. Also, special thanks to Ben & Jerry's for being a business that's truly committed to their community (and for being so graceful in defeat)., New "seasonal specials" officially started yesterday. Goomba (topped with these beautiful wild mushrooms & gouda), Cobb Salad, & Grilled Asparagus are on menu for next couple of months. (Moment of silence for The Joanie, Avocado & Orange Salad, & Chili. We'll be missing you until next winter.), FREE SHAKES & ICE CREAM AGAIN TODAY! The rematch of our Ice Cream Truck Battle against Ben & Jerry's is today on City Hall Plaza from noon-4pm. Truck that raises the most money for our start-up foundation wins title of "the greatest ice cream truck in Boston". Also, for rest of year, losing truck must pull over whenever winner drives past on Boston streets & driver must salute the champion. (That and loser must buy winner beer after battle.) http://www.facebook.com/events/312834568846225/, 3rd Annual Ice Cream Truck Battle happens today (sun supposed to come out by noon). b.good vs. Ben & Jerry's on the streets of Harvard Square. FREE SHAKES from us. FREE SCOOPS from B&J's. 4-6pm in front of b.good Harvard Square. Live bands. Every penny raised goes to our start-up foundation to help good people with great ideas in our community. http://tinyurl.com/d6kjwtx, null, FREE SHAKES & ICE CREAM TOMORROW! 3rd annual Ice Cream Truck Battle tomorrow 4-6pm on streets of Harvard Square. We're blending free shakes. Ben & Jerry's dishing out free scoops. Whoever raises most money wins title of the "greatest ice cream truck in Cambridge". (Don't worry, Harvey may be old but he's a lionhearted warrior.) All to raise money for our start-up foundation to help good people with great ideas in our community. http://tinyurl.com/d6kjwtx, null, Run a mile down Boylston & Newbury with the Burger Brigade (the crazy b.good family members running the Boston Marathon in burger suits for charity). FREE sliders & shakes after the run. Meet us at 2:30pm tomorrow (Saturday) in front of Mass Ave b.good., In case you guys missed our email, we're offering some b.good love to family members who donate to our start-up foundation this week. Since 100% of the funds go directly to grant recipients, every penny you donate will go to a real person who's inspired to do something good to help others in our community. And since our family's vote will determine the winner, you'll decide who gets the money you contribute.

So, if you donate before Sunday night, here’s the deal:
$3 = we put an order of Real Fries on your Family ID
$5 = we put a 16oz shake on your Family ID
$10 = we put a free burger (or sandwich) on your Family ID
$50 = we mail you a beautiful Burger Brigade t-shirt
$300 = we drive Harvey to your home, school, or office & blend shakes for 50 people (must be within 25 miles of Boston) 
$1,000 = this guy (http://tinyurl.com/cu788nv) will come grind steak at your house & throw a catered BBQ bonanza for 25 people

http://www.bgoodfamilyfoundation.com/give/, Silas met the official matriarch of the b.good family this weekend in Dedham. 100 years young & Andler is still eating house-ground beef. (We're trying to make sure she celebrates her 101st birthday with us on April 14th.), If you're near b.good Mass Ave right now, come run a mile with the Burger Brigade (the crazy 14 b.good family members running Boston Marathon in burger suits for charity). We'll give you a FREE burger & shake after the run. Meet us at 2:30pm (yes, 30 minutes) in front of Mass Ave b.good., Brought our grill out to Epiphany School in Dorchester today. These hungry young minds were fed some real beef (no pink slime)., We just launched a start-up foundation based on the idea that, together (i.e. us & our family of customers), we could help people in our community do good. So, we're looking for some good people with great ideas to tell us about them by Wednesday April 10th. We'll put the top applicants out to vote & you guys will pick the winner of our first grant of up to $4,000. http://www.bgoodfamilyfoundation.com/, Family members, 1 more day to celebrate St. Patrick by sipping fresh mint, chocolate chips, & Toscanini's ice cream through a straw in his honor. (BTW, we use all-natural green food coloring, fresh mint, & peppermint extract instead of the mysterious "Shamrock Shake Syrup".), Hello kinfolk, our annual St. Patty's gifts are now in your inboxes. So, come see us today (or tomorrow) & sip fresh mint, chocolate chips, & Toscanini's ice cream (or fro-yo) through a straw., Picked up 12 of these today from Karen at In-Stitches Sewing in Quincy. As always, they're for the Burger Brigade, the weird group of b.good family members who'll run the Boston Marathon in burger suits to raise money for our start-up foundation: http://tinyurl.com/arnalue

Since we dream there could be others out there demented enough to want to join us, we ordered 5 extras for next week. So, if you'd be up for running 26.2 dressed as a giant, sweaty, foam tube of beefy deliciousness, post on here., Here we come, Shrewsbury. First day grinding beef in central MA begins tomorrow! b.good baby #10 will be officially born at White City Plaza at 11am., This Saturday, our Shrewsbury baby will officially be born (White City Plaza). So, today, we brought our grills to Venerini Elementary School in Worcester, donated hundreds of house-ground burgers, & fed some hungry young minds in our new 'hood., b.good baby #10 coming to Shrewsbury next Saturday. So, like we do whenever we give birth, we're giving away burgers for life. (Yes, one burger a day in Shrewsbury for as long as you walk this Earth.) Just tell us why you’ll be our “cousin” - http://tinyurl.com/azg5lwy, b.good family member, Erik, just emailed us this great pic. His little guy was so excited to eat our house-ground beef last night that he stuffed our burger in his mouth so fast that he bit his own finger. While we'd never want to cause an injury, we consider this the ultimate form of flattery., Chef Tony came through with the elusive natural green this morning. So, this year's St. Pat's shakes for our kinfolk are gonna be especially festive. Prepare yourselves to sip frosty green beverages made with fresh mint, chocolate chips, and tosci's ice cream next weekend., Last week, 464 b.good family members helped us test our system's new sharing functionality & their friends came by for a free cup of chili. So, tonight, we brought 100 cups of our homemade goodness to folks at St. Ambrose Family Shelter. Tomorrow, we scoop up another 475 cups for 4 other shelters around Boston., Kinfolk, we're hoping you can check today's email from us & help test our new sharing feature. To try & get as many of you to test it as possible, we made it so that when you help us, you'll help somebody else too. If you're up for it, you can forward a cup of chili to friend. If they eat it this week, we'll donate a cup next week to somebody here: http://www.bgood.com/shelters.php, No mystery meat for the kids in Burlington today. That's because we provided every burger served in the cafeterias (grades 1-12) out there. It ended up being more than 1,500 patties of real, all-natural goodness., Family members, please plan your Valentine's dining schedule accordingly. Our cherry-dark-chocolate valentine that you can sip through a straw will hit your inboxes around 9am., We're open everywhere today EXCEPT Washington Street & Summer Street. Come see us after you shovel out!, all b.goods close today at 2pm. as long as we can dig out tomorrow, we'll be grinding beef. so, we'll keep you posted on tomorrow's hours first thing in the a.m. stay safe & warm!, Worst part of day: thinking about how many house-ground burgers we'll sell beneath 3' of snow. Best part of day: taste-testing this Valentine's Day gift we'll be giving to the family. So, as always, our cherry-dark-chocolate valentine will be flowing from our blenders on Thursday. Kinfolk, please prepare your inboxes for it's arrival., Hung this in Shrewsbury today to let our future family members to the west know a beautiful baby will be born there in a month. More info about b.good baby #10 here: http://tinyurl.com/acq42c9, Just in case you missed this morning's email from us... 
If you're in our family & have a friend, post here to let us know if you want to share a free cup of our homemade chili. We'll find you in our system & email a code you can forward to your buddy., Couldn't figure out the brussels sprouts operationally. So, tomorrow, we do the right thing -- bring back our homemade 4-bean chili as our "seasonal veggie" for winter. 

Family members - there'll be a free cup (w/ purchase) in your inboxes tomorrow morning., Yeah, it's nuts. But, every spring, our crazy customers do it & raise more & more money for people in our community. If you're interested, RSVP for the Burger Brigade kick-off meeting tonight (Tuesday): http://tinyurl.com/898tsh9, Help us out today & we'll give you some fries tomorrow. Vote for the customer who should be called "The Greatest" & eat free burgers for the next 365 days. (If you want those fries, just make sure you're already in the family when you vote. That way we can load them on your Family ID.) http://www.bgood.com/bgood_coy_vote.php, Debating next Seasonal Veggie. Should we start brussels sprouts (w/ bacon, apple, dried cranberries) or bring back our homemade veggie chili? (As a test, we started serving brussels at Summer St. today & keeping them there until we figure this out.) Let us know what you think., In case you missed this in yesterday's email, we're also celebrating our birth by giving a family member free burgers for the next year of our life. Just tell us why you were the greatest at: http://tinyurl.com/bgwhfuq

(This is Kathyran. She took the title last year by writing a beautiful, weird little poem.), Happy birthday to b.good! Today, our baby is 9 years old. (Kinfolk - check you inbox & come celebrate with us.), You guys spoke & we listened. So, our new winter "seasonal special" (topped w/ homemade siracha slaw & avocado) will be called Joanie. It's short for "Joanie Loves Sirachi", a shout-out to maybe the worst sitcom in TV history. And yes we know, it's a weird name for a burger. Look for it on our menu at the end of next week. (Also, @ryan.t.niles - email us at jonandanthony@bgood.com so we send over you those victory burgers.), Need your help on this guys... 2 weeks ago we asked you to name our upcoming seasonal burger special (w/ homemade siracha slaw & avocado). After some serious internal indecisiveness, we're leaving the decision up to you. So, check our finalists below & comment the name you like best. If you're "family", we'll put a free fry on your Family ID for the help.

The Sir Cadian - like the chronobiological Circadian Rhythms that are part of everything around us, this kicks off (yeah, quite a kick) b.good's annual cycle of seasonal specials

The Joanie (short for Joanie Loves Sirachi) - named after what may have been the worst television sitcom of all time, Our own way of saying happy holidays to the family is a special little holiday rap-video made by our cashier-turned-rap-star, Andre.
Happy Holidays everyone! 
http://www.bgood.com/happy-holidays-2012.php, You gave us the Goomba & Rocket. Now give us another beautiful burger name by posting on here. This time, do it for the new "seasonal special" we'll start right after new year's. It'll be topped with homemade siracha slaw & avocado. Winner gets a plethora of free burgers & the title of genius within his/her fast-food family. (Please do it soon, though. We need to order menu panels before Christmas.), Unfortunately, despite what we wrote in last week's email, our holiday gifts aren't quite ready today. So, check your inboxes first thing tomorrow so you don't miss the presents we got for our family this year., Took us until December to finally get it done. But, today we can cross off the last of our 2012 resolutions. That's because today we've officially gone compostable with everything (packaging, utensils, etc.) we serve on Dartmouth Street. (If all goes well after a month or so, we'll convert all b.goods to compostables in new year.), 1 more day to help us determine which of these family members gets to spend the rest of their life in free burger paradise. So, we'd love your vote today. http://tinyurl.com/bufe2ut, Live band out front. Real burgers inside. So far, our Summer Street baby's first day of life has been a success., It's official... today, at 11am in downtown Boston, our beautiful baby will finally open for business at 84 Summer Street., Permitting trouble has pushed our baby's due date back 48 hours. So, b.good #9 will now open on Summer Street this Friday (for sure). Contest ends tonight @ 5pm: http://tinyurl.com/c9tpqcc, Highlight of Harvey's weekend -- blending free milkshakes for crazy, half-naked, athletes at finish line of Santa Speedo Run in Back Bay., b.good baby #9 coming to Summer Street next week. So, like we do whenever we give birth, we're giving away burgers for life. (Yes, one burger a day on Summer Street for as long as you walk this Earth.) Just tell us why you’ll be our “cousin” - http://bgood.com/summerst_cousin.php, Pretty much the exact opposite of our business model. (We like humans.) http://tinyurl.com/cf6e329, Just in case you're family & missed our email today -- give us a "fun fact" & we'll give you a shake: https://www.bgood.com/funfacts.php, Give the gift of "real" food this holiday season (& save some cash when you do). We're selling holiday gift cards online now thru New Year's. http://bgood.com/bgood_gift_cards.php, Our search continued today for this winter's new "seasonal special". After re-testing this one with Siracha slaw & avocado at lunchtime, we're pretty sure it's our winner. Look for it on our menu in a few weeks. (Look for a contest to name it before that.), Hello b.good family - you buy a pie to help some folks who really need it & we buy you a burger. We'll load a free burger on any family member's ID who purchases a pie before noon tomorrow to support Community Servings. http://www.pieinthesky.org/bgood, Just when we didn't think this could get any more insane... Our fearless, baby space-burger was on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno last night. (No, we're not joking.), The space-burger craziness continues... Discovery Channel is at b.good Harvard Square now interviewing our brilliant family members who sent our beef into the stratosphere. (Supposedly, Good Morning America could happen this week. Seriously.), Search continues for new "seasonal special" for winter. (Had to nix that fried egg burger because too worried about doing it well during lunch-rush craziness.) So, Chef T made these for us to try now: shiitakes+roasted tomatoes+parm and "siracha slaw"+avocado. You guys have thoughts?, This is crazy. Our space-traveling baby & the brilliant b.good family members who sent it to the stratosphere have made some serious headlines. ABC News, Huffington Post, Discovery, & tonight our beef was front & center on Yahoo's homepage., Man vs. Can. Harvey vs. Ben & Jerry's. Ice cream truck battle on City Hall Plaza today at noon. All to support Boston CANshare & help feed some folks who need it this holiday season. Pumpkin shakes from us. Scoops from B&J's., Witness burger history. Our house-ground beef has officially gone where no burger has ever gone before. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRkQE0I4NZw&feature=youtu.be, Our fearless space-burger has returned to earth! We made this trailer for the history-making video we'll send our family on Monday. (Sorry for posting again, but wanted to share via YouTube.) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB5VnFP3Xms, Chef Tony has been digging deep lately to come up with new seasonal special for winter. (We decided Goomba & Rocket were too similar so dropping Rocket.) Over last month, we've tested burgers w/ feta, spinach, asian slaw, potato crisps... you name it. Today, we tested fried egg & tabasco. Still not satisfied. You guys have thoughts? If we use your idea, you'll most definitely be compensated in house-ground beef., Signs at Summer Street hung today! Finally, our way-overdue 9th baby is starting to shape up. (We know we sound like a broken record, but this time we're sure -- we'll be open in 3 weeks.), Honor & privilege to serve one up to the big man himself in Dedham tonight. The b.good family loves you, Big Papi., Attention family members - please mentally prepare yourselves to sip pumpkin pie through a straw. Our Halloween treats will be in your inboxes tomorrow morning., After reaching 100K feet, our heroic little baby is spending the night in this huge tree in Byfield, MA. (We have a GPS & video camera up there.) And as if this whole thing wasn't crazy enough, the guy whose property our burger is on actually tried to help by shooting it down with a bow & arrow. (He missed.) Since we won't rest until our baby is home, we'll be back in Byfield very soon. We'll keep you posted., Right now in Sturbridge, MA, there's a house-ground burger floating towards space. (It's supposed to land via parachute somewhere near Lowell in 4 hours.) Godspeed, fearless b.good burger. The thoughts & prayers of an entire fast-food family are with you., Tomorrow, our house-ground steak will boldly go where no burger has gone before. bit.ly/VNmBR0, You know you have a dream-job when you write a check with the note: "burger to outerspace". Yes, we actually just wrote this one for the 5 incredible b.good family members (& Harvard Science majors) who are attempting to launch one of our burgers into space on Saturday., We're pretty sure we're going where no burger has gone before. Yes, this crazy crew of b.good family members will try to launch some of our house-ground beef into outer space. Seriously. This is actually happening on Saturday. (To prove it, we put their email is below.)
--
Hey there,

I'm a Junior at Harvard College. I am sending you this email because b.good seems to be involved with numerous customer activities.

So I wanted to let you know that my friends and I (all Harvard science majors) are launching a weather balloon into the edge of space (30km altitude) and we'd like to give b.good the chance to sponsor part of this mission in exchange for recognition in the Harvard community and in exchange for lifting one hamburger into space and safely returning it.

You are the first person we're contacting with regards to this. Please let me know as soon as possible if you're interested in this. We're moving forward with our plans as we speak. 

Thank you and see you in space!, One of our amazing cashiers snapped this on roadtrip to NYC this weekend. We couldn't make a more beautiful billboard if we tried., Harvey, Aubree, & Tess are blending free pumpkin milkshakes for beautiful princesses (and everyone else) all day today at Legacy Place. Stop by for one if you're out there., Been testing all kinds of packaging, utensils, etc. for months. Now, finally just about ready to go compostable with everything we serve. Plan is to roll out at new Summer Street baby & then bring to all b.goods before end of year., Took way longer than expected. But, our downtown unborn baby (corner of Summer & Devonshire) is finally starting to look like a restaurant. Now, just 3 more weeks until we give birth to #9., Dropped some burgers over at Harpoon Brewery today. This was the tip they gave us. (Yes, that's 6 cases and yes, they're the best.), Spent yesterday on farm in Maine with these guys. Tim (the guy with the bucket) is one of the small family farmers (he has 200 cattle on a few hundred acres) in Pineland's Co-op. Hanging with Tim made us even prouder to grind his beef (& the beef raised by all the other small farmers like him who are in Pineland's network)., We get lots of customer feedback (and we're grateful for all of it). But, this email & pic that we got from Erika earlier this week ranks among the greatest of all time for us.
--
Hello Jon and Anthony!

I have been a customer since June 2011. It was then that I fell in love with your Dartmouth St location. On Halloween 2011, I decided to make a lifestyle change, and in doing so I have lost 100 lbs. I wanted to say that without b.good, I do not think I could have done it! The calorie counts online certainly helped, but your low-carb option really made it simple for me to hit my macros appropriately and get the nutrition I need. The Sal Bacado is especially perfect, macro-wise! At one point, I ate at b.good five days a week — and I never ordered a salad (except for the Cobb on a hot summer day)! 

Now, for the photos (see below)

I just wanted to say thanks so much for enabling me to make healthier choices. Kudos, b.good! You are truly a boon in these days of bad fast food!

Thanks so much,
Erika!, our roof-top tomatoes may be done. but, we just picked 3 lbs. of this lettuce from our downtown roof. serving it in southwestern chicken salads now!, Day #2 of new seasonal menu. So, wanted to remind you guys that we're serving up sides of local cauliflower (with breadcrumbs & Pineland sharp cheddar)., Officially busting out new seasonal menu today. So, prepare yourself for the return of the Green Chile Burger, Hatchback Salad, side of Local Cauliflower, & Apple-Cinamon shake (all those chiles, cauliflower, & apples are from Dick's in Lunenburg.) To start strong, we'll give a free burger to the 1st 5 family members who post the correct varietal of green chiles we use., Armed with 3 grills, 6,000 burgers,  & 1 35-year-old milk-shake making ice cream truck, team b.good (all 17 of us) is ready for The Life Is Good Festival. If you're coming out this weekend, find us & show us your Family ID. We'll show you some family love., In case you missed it on this morning's newsletter, we're looking for family members who want to share some blended b.good love. If you want in, just post here anytime this weekend. Next week, we’ll email you a code for 1 free local apple cinnamon shake that you can forward to a buddy. (Only catch is that you have to already be kin to participate.), Attention family members, the last local peaches of the season should've hit your inbox by now (free peach shake with purchase thru Sunday night). They'll be gone by Monday so make arrangements to get your sip on soon., It's "Farm To School" Week. So, we're busier than ever bringing fresh, house-ground beef to schools around Boston. Today, we commandeered the cafeteria at Andover High School. Served the good stuff to over 900 hungry, young minds., Last week for local corn. And that means The Sal Bacado is on borrowed time. So you guys can eat one asap, we're giving 5 free ones to the first 5 family members who post the name of our NEXT seasonal burger special that'll replace it. (Again, you gotta be kin to win - that way we can load your Sal Bacado on your ID.), Just catered this burger bar in Beacon Hill for the Mayor's Office. (According to person who placed the order, Mr. Mayor specifically requested b.good). We're honored to be the big man's burger of choice., Looks like next week we'll pick the last tomatoes on the roof above downtown b.good. So, yesterday, Green City Growers switched a few of these baby pools to cilantro & baby greens. When it's done, we'll have harvested & served you guys over 700 pounds of our own tomatoes this summer., And just in case you missed our email tonight... we made this little video to prove that Saturday wasn't just some kind of beautiful dream., They did it. Their 45 mile burger-odyssey from Burlington to Hingham ended at 8:06pm. Ryan & Bethany, congrats & thanks. You guys are the best., 11:36am: stops #4, 5 & 6 (Dartmouth St, Newbury St, & Mass Ave) are in the rear-view. Dedham, they're coming for you. (Should be there around 1:45pm)., 10:38am: The long, strange journey stops Downtown. (For sustenance, Bethany baked her own sweet potato fries.) 30+ miles left. Next stop - 131 Dartmouth Street. (15 minutes.), 9:46am: Bethany & Ryan at stop #2, Harvard Square. (They actually ground beef with Luiz when they got there.) Next stop - Downtown Boston (10:45am)., Still can't believe this is really happening.... Tomorrow, family members, Bethany & Ryan, will try to run to every b.good. (It's 45 miles & 11 hours.) If you see them (they'll be easy to spot since our flame-covered ice cream truck will be driving in front of them), please cheer. Even better, jump in & run with them. Do it (even just for a few blocks) & we'll give you a free burger. Route & schedule is below, but we'll be updating on here all day tomorrow., Saturday, these elite (& totally insane) family members will run 45 miles on a strange but beautiful journey to hit every b.good. (They're even planning to grind beef on their morning pit-stop in Harvard Square.) Seriously. This is happening. We'll keep you posted., Once in a blue moon, crazy, beautiful customers give us gifts. Last week, Tony & Lynne gave us this delicious one at Dartmouth Street. (It's brewed with habanero peppers. And it's the perfect Labor Day beverage.), Another bountiful day at our downtown roof-top garden. Priscilla picked this 44 lb. load of beauties this afternoon., Lots of buzz about this investment by twitter founders. Excited to taste it & rooting for all ideas like it. But, seeing it reminds us that our homemade veggie burgers are damn good too (& better looking) http://tinyurl.com/9pp6699, this morning, we have a new website. we'd love to hear what you guys think. http://bgood.com, Attention, Mass Ave family members. It's our incredible cashier Patrick's birthday. Check your inboxes this morning for surprise gifts & this video. (Even if you're not Mass Ave kin, we highly recommend you watch this. It's amazing.), 1st week of new seasonal specials under our belt. (4 left.) To remind you guys they're on our menu, here's a little contest in the middle of the night -- free Sal Bacado, Local Tomato Mozzarella Salad, Peach Shake, & Grilled Corn (yes, all 4!) to first person who posts the correct origin of the name Sal Bacado. (Must be kin to win. Otherwise, we can't load them on your Family ID.), This explosive catering triple tag-team brought our beef (& veggies) to Harvard Law School this weekend. 1,000 burgers couldn't stop Manny, Rui, & Sena., Oh no! We forgot the link to the contest entry page in this morning's email. So, family members, if you want Manny grinding & grilling in your backyard, tell us why here: http://tinyurl.com/8bp6wbk, Local corn, tomatoes, & peaches from Dick's officially make their comeback tomorrow & so do some of our greatest seasonal specials: The Sal Bacado, Grilled Corn, Local Tomato Mozzarella Salad, & Peach Smoothies. 

Family members, get ready... an ear of grilled corn will be in your inboxes tomorrow morning., As you guys will see in today's family email, we not just hand-cutting Frank's potatoes for fries. We also started making homemade chips for catering orders. We'll send care-packages of crispy goodness to the 10 family members who post the best reason why they'd like homemade potato chips delivered to their doorstep next week., Good morning, kinfolk. Frank's fries will arrive in your inbox sometime in the next couple of hours. Hope you'll get in for some soon., Tomorrow marks the start of the greatest time of year to eat our fries. So, family members, get ready -- Frank's fries will be in your inboxes tomorrow morning., Just hung these signs in the window so it felt even even more official this morning. b.good baby #9 opens on 84 Summer Street (downtown Boston) in September. (Corner of Summer & Devonshire.), This weekend, we picked first tomatoes of season at Hingham & on roof downtown. Started serving them there yesterday., Been talking about breakfast for years. This morning, we actually tested a menu with Chef Tony -- local eggs & toppings on whole wheat, homemade granola w/ local yogurt, steel-cut oatmeal w/ seasonal fruit. Thinking about testing at one b.good this Fall. You guys have thoughts? Good idea, stupid idea, don't care because you don't eat breakfast out? Love to hear it., We're loading up Harvey with local blueberries now & looking for 3 places to blend shakes this afternoon. If you & your friends enjoy sipping blueberries & ice cream through a straw, post your location & the reason we should stop by. Best 3 reasons posted before 11am get a drive-by from a flame-covered ice cream truck this afternoon., even rats should eat real food. (unless they want to be fat rats.) http://tinyurl.com/6p2gd3w, In case you missed it on Thursday's newsletter, we're looking for family members who want to share some blended b.good love. Just post here sometime this weekend to let us know you want in. Next week, we’ll email you a code for 1 free blueberry shake that you can forward to a buddy. That means next week your friend will be happily sipping local blueberries and ice cream through a straw. And it'll all be because of you. (The only catch is that you have to already be in our family to participate.), Jeff, a long-time b.good family member, is holding this awesome event this weekend - http://tinyurl.com/7jsjuor. And he gave us a couple of tickets to give away to you guys. If you want them, post the reason why here before 5pm tonight. Best answer wins., attention b.good family members -- a local blueberry shake will hit your inbox in the next hour or so. prepare yourselves to sip local blueberries, homemade puree, Tosci's ice cream (or fro-yo), & Richardson's milk through a straw., b.good family member, Christine, just emailed us this new McD's ad... eerily similar. Maybe big brother is watching us!?, Just got first blueberries of season from Dick's. Thursday's family email will make local blueberry shake official (& it'll make it free for kin)., Just snapped this pic is in our raised beds behind b.good Hingham.  Green City Growers says 2 weeks until first harvest on our downtown roof & 3 weeks in Hingham. All in, we're hoping to grow & serve over 2,000 lbs of of our own tomatoes this summer., Howard Shultz. An inspiration when we started our biz. Still an inspiration now. #INDIVISIBLE http://tinyurl.com/7wtabmf, a little food for thought before you grill your own tomorrow (thanks, Adam). http://tinyurl.com/7xqtnva, Like we do every 4th, we'll be grilling on the docks in the Charles at Community Boating's 4th of July Fundraiser on the Esplanade. To help out our buddies at CBI, we've offered to throw in a burger, fries & shake for any b.good family member who buys a ticket today. (Just forward us your EventBrite confirmation email & we'll load those goodies on your Family ID.) http://sailabration-bg.eventbrite.com/, Is this the face of a champion? We'll find out tomorrow when Ulry battles 7 other elite b.good grill-guys in our 1st-ever Food Fanatic Competition (think Iron Chef-style burger battle). http://bgood.com/bgood-warriors.php. The smack-down happens at 4pm tomorrow at our Family BBQ in SoWa., This heat only makes Harvey stronger. He, Dean, & Andre are blending chocolate-ly goodness in front of Mass Ave thru lunch today. Stop by if you're around before 2pm. (If you want those guys to visit you afterwards, post here. They'll pick one spot for an afternoon drive-by.), This guy isn't just playing music on Sunday at our Family BBQ. He's also giving away free t-shirts. Yes, Joe, old-school b.good family member & lead singer of The Life Electric (the band playing Sunday at 1pm) has offered to give away free t-shirts from his new company, Defunct Tees. To get one, just buy a ticket to our Family BBQ TODAY & then "like" Defunct Tees. Do both & message him through the Defunct fb page. He'll have a t-shirt waiting for you at the BBQ on Sunday. (If you already bought a ticket, just "like" Defunct and then send Joe a fb message.) By the way, this pic is of Joe at our first Family BBQ. 9 years later, he's still here., You near Mass Ave & want a free shake right now? There's 10 free ones on this code that will expire in 1 hour. So, if you'd like to get your sip on in this 93 degree weather, print this code & hustle into to see John at Mass Ave b.good asap. (No rules other than there are 10 free shakes available at Mass Ave b.good only & that they'll expire at 3pm.), You've never been to a charity BBQ where Berklee College of Music's Turntable Ensemble played live? So, come to our's on Sunday & dance to these guys called The Skratch Assassinz. (Again, get info about our event & buy tix here: http://bgoodfamilybbq.eventbrite.com/), Yesterday, the local beer that'll be flowing at Sunday's Family BBQ has switched. Now, Clown Shoes will be pouring their Miracle IPA. They're a perfect fit for our event. Check the story on label below. (More info & tix for Sunday here: http://bgoodfamilybbq.eventbrite.com/), Have amazing lineup of local bands for our Family BBQ on Sunday. Gonna be extra special for us when The Life Electric rocks at 2pm. Frontman, Joe, is one of our first-ever regular customers & attendee of our first Family BBQs. (He even became an investor a few years back.) Check out this sample of what he & Life Electric are bringing on Sunday: http://tinyurl.com/7zvf95p. (Then, get details & buy tix at http://bgoodfamilybbq.eventbrite.com/), oops, here's the link you can click on directly: http://bgoodfamilybbq.eventbrite.com, Local burgers, beers, & bands on Sunday in SoWa. All to raise some money for a local legend. Get details & buy tix to our Family BBQ here: bgoodfamilybbq.eventbrite.com, We picked 234 lbs. of collards today on our roof above downtown & behind Hingham. Congrats to @BobbyBoushe (he missed it by 1 lb.). Hope you guys are hungry tomorrow. Free collards will be served up Downtown, Hingham & Harvard Square., Just picked all our collards from downtown roof & behind hingham. Literally, sauteing them now with bacon & garlic. Tomorrow, we'll serve them up free at a few b.goods. Before that, we'll put a plethora of b.good love on the Family ID of anyone who guesses how much we just harvested. Post the # of pounds you think we grew. We'll announce amount & winner at 6pm., Check out these beautiful green babies! Monday, we're picking our collards on the downtown roof & behind Hingham on Monday. Then, we'll saute them up with bacon & garlic & serve them up for free to our "family" (Downtown & Hingham) on Tuesday. (Email coming Tuesday morning.), Honored to serve house-ground beef & hang with role model for socially responsible business. Jerry, co-founder of Ben & Jerry's came by Dartmouth Street today. (Tons of amazing advice, but one especially memorable nugget: Commit yourself to the people who love your brand. They're all you need.), This is Sasha, our newest spokeswoman. (She's also the beloved family member of one of our beloved family members in Dedham named Gretchen.), Tragic news today. Our mechanic just called to tell us that Harvey needs a new engine (yes, an entire new engine). So, as usual, we resisted sound decision making & did what we had to do to save our flame-covered baby -- we bought a new GMC engine that'll be installed this weekend. (Harvey never says die. He will rise to ride in glory again soon.), "Real" food revolutionary, Chef Alden, got the props he deserves in yesterday's Globe. This year, his cafeterias served up thousands of our locally-raised, house-ground burgers every week. http://tinyurl.com/74y4lls, Andre "The Giant", our powerful catering grill guy, is coming strong again today at Crossfit Games at Reebok HQ. It's our 3rd & final day grilling house-ground beef out there for thousands of tenacious x-fitters. (Those people can eat. Seriously, we've never seen anything like this.) If you're coming by today, show us your family ID & we'll serve you up a burger for free., Nice little article on boston.com about our homegrown veggies in Hingham. http://tinyurl.com/cmardld, Best thing that happened to us today... b.good family member, Joanie, replied to our newsletter to offer us her yard to grow veggies., hello kinfolk, new family newsletter should hit your inbox any minute. highlight is the all these collards & tomatoes we'll be growing this summer., Chris, our family member who won free burgers for life at Mass Ave, donated this year's 130 burgers (that's the amount he projected he'd have eaten in 2012) to John Marshall Elementary yesterday. It was awesome., Spent morning helping our buddies from Green City Growers plant collard greens behind our Hingham restaurant. Friday, we're planting tomatoes in Hingham & on our downtown roof. Hope you guys are ready to eat lots of home-grown veggies this summer., Got sent lots of photos from the Burger Brigade's triumph on Marathon Monday. But, this one that just came over is especially beautiful., Grilled our burgers at a new school today & held a little taste test against the patties the school usually serves. And since the ingredients label was on the box of the schools' burgers, we wrote them out & took this picture. (That's 2 ingredients versus 22. There's definitely something wrong with this picture.), catering team is making their presence felt at Harvard's Earth Fair today. we're grilling free sliders & asparagus all afternoon. If you're in the square today, find us on the MAC Quad before 3pm., b.good investor & real food guru, Dan, took us to lunch yesterday at Life Alive in Cambridge. Had some insane juices with ginger, kale, carrots, etc. Not sure what to make of the whole thing though. So, wondering if any of you guys have thoughts on b.good and fresh juices? We'd love to hear it..., It's a perfect day to drive around in a beautiful, flame-covered ice cream truck & give out free chocolate milkshakes. So, post where you want to sip on them. We'll pick 3 of your spots by noon. Harvey will stop by for a visit this afternoon., The 25 fearless members of the Burger Brigade have officially descended upon Hopkinton. If & when you guys see them today, please cheer for them & what they've done for Back On My Feet. Godspeed, you crazy band of running burgers. The b.good family loves you., This is it. The last 2012 Burger Brigade "Fun Run" starts today at 3pm in front of b.good Mass Ave. Come run a mile with us & help Back On My Feet. Free sliders & shakes at the finish line., collards are in! today our buds at Green City Growers planted collard greens for us on our downtown roof. you'll be eating them in a month. (tomatoes up next.), Just finished grilling some house-ground beef for hungry young minds of Burlington High School. With the help of these beautiful girls, we served up 600 burger at lunch out there today., $1,100 soggy dollars for Back On My Feet collected in the rain today at our Ice Cream Truck Battle on City Hall Plaza. Thanks to everyone who braved the elements to contribute & thanks to Ben & Jerry's for being a business that's truly committed to their community (and for being so graceful in defeat)., Like Rocky IV, it's "the final countdown" and we're ready to get in the ring against the huge, evil Russian. Today, 1-3:30pm at City Hall Plaza. Harvey vs. Ben & Jerry's to settle it once & for all. Free milkshakes & scoops. (Please bring some change or $1's. Every cent raised goes to Back On My Feet.), Our rematch against Ben & Jerry's is tomorrow on City Hall Plaza from 1-3:30pm. FREE SHAKES from us. FREE SCOOPS from B&J's. Live music from some amazing local bands. Truck that raises the most money for Back On My Feet wins title of "the greatest ice cream truck in Boston". Also, for rest of year, losing truck must pull over whenever winner drives past on Boston streets & driver must jump out & salute the champion. (That and loser must buy winner beer after the battle.), Yesterday, our Hingham landlord gave us this amazing gift -- it's 3 12'x12' beds to grow our own tomatoes behind our restaurant. According to our buddies at Green City Growers, we'll grow 1,000 lbs of tomatoes back there. Combine that with our roof-top garden downtown & we could bust the 2,000 lb. barrier this summer. Crazy., We officially unleashed The Cobb salad yesterday. Celebrating its return to our menu by giving 3 away free to first 3 family members to post on here. (As always, we can only send gifts to you if you're already in our family system. So, you need to be kin to win.), Run a mile with us today. Help us help Back On My Feet. Free sliders & shakes at the finish line. The Burger Brigade's 2nd "Fun Run" starts at 3pm in front of b.good Mass Ave., Beautiful seasonal veggies presented by one of our beautiful guys. Grilled Asparagus officially started today. To make sure the word is out, putting 3 free sides up for grabs for first 3 family members to post on here. (Again, gotta be kin to win.), Big menu changes for us today. Officially busting out 3 new seasonal specials: The Goomba, Cobb Salad, & Grilled Asparagus. To celebrate correctly, we're giving away 3 free of each at different times today. Starting now with Goomba (topped with wild mushrooms & local, smoked cheddar). 3 free to first 3 family members to post here now. (Again, gotta be kin to win.), Late last night, counted this cash collected at yesterday's ice cream truck battle against Ben & Jerry's. Thanks to everyone who came out, there's $745 going directly to Back On My Feet. However, B&J's has challenged our collection practices. (They claim we poached donations from their line.) So, rematch is on for next Thursday on City Hall Plaza. Stakes are even higher. For rest of summer, losing truck must pull over whenever winner drives past on Boston streets & driver must jump out & salute the champion. (That and loser must buy winner beer after the battle.), Ben & Jerry prepare to meet Bondillio & Jimmy (our explosive milkshake making tag-team). 2nd Annual Ice Cream Truck Battle begins on streets of Harvard Square in 5 minutes. Free shakes from us. Free scoops from B&J. Every cent raised goes to Back On My Feet., Harvey, our 30 year old street-fighting warrior, shocked the ice cream industry last year by defeating the heavily favored Ben & Jerry's truck. Watch him do it again this afternoon on the streets of Harvard Square. FREE SHAKES from us. FREE SCOOPS from B&J's. 4-6pm in front of b.good Harvard Square. Live bands. All money raised will go to Back On My Feet. http://tinyurl.com/7lvz337, 2nd annual Ice Cream Truck Battle tomorrow 4-6pm on streets of Harvard Square. We're blending free shakes. Ben & Jerry's dishing out free scoops. Whoever raises most money wins title of the "greatest ice cream truck in Cambridge". (Don't worry, Harvey may be old but he's a lionhearted warrior.)  All to raise money for Back On My Feet. http://tinyurl.com/7lvz337, check our latest street marketing brainchild created by family members, Joe & Nick. next week, we'll be trying this out on a street near you. $1 donation to Back On My Feet will get you a spin on the b.good wheel o' love., null, The Burger Brigade took it to the streets of the Back Bay this afternoon. We'll be looking for more family members to run with us next Saturday., Want free shakes & sliders today? Meet us in front of b.good Mass Ave at 3pm & run a mile with the Burger Brigade (a.k.a. the 27 family members insane enough to run the Boston Marathon in stuffed burger suits). All you have to do is run a mile (or maybe not even). Sliders & shakes ready at the finish line., We officially own this incredible pile of stuffed beauty. Yes, we just picked up all the burger, fry, & sweet fry suits that a bunch of our family members will wear in The Boston Marathon in a few weeks. It's all a part of our annual effort to raise some money for Back On My Feet. (And if you're around tomorrow, run with these crazy burger-wearing-kinfolk & eat free burgers & shakes. Just meet us in front of Mass Ave b.good at 3pm. Run a few blocks with us & eat free burgers & shakes at the finish line.), our signature on the lease made it official today. b.good baby #9 will be in downtown Boston (across from South Station on this corner of Summer & Devonshire Streets). we'll be pushing all spring for a late summer birth., A b.good family member just emailed asking if he'd get free burgers for life for dancing around our Mass Ave restaurant in his underwear. We were forced to deny every instinct in us to not say yes. (Hope this doesn't mean we're getting soft or mellowing with age.), As you guys will see in today's family email, the quest to make fast-food "real" pushed forward last week as Chef Tony cured & smoked our own bacon. While jury is out if we can pull this off for our restaurants, we made a ton of delicious homemade bacon & now have lots extra. So, we packed some up (it's sliced but raw) & giving it to the 10 family members who post the best reason why they should get a slab., Hello kinfolk, our annual St. Patty's gifts are now in your inboxes. So, come see us today & sip fresh mint, chocolate chips, & Toscanini's ice cream (or fro-yo) through a straw., Back up on roof of downtown b.good today with Jason from Green City Growers to scheme up how we can get to 1,000 pounds of tomatoes this year (last year we grew 600 lbs. up there). Jason says we'll start the collard greens on April 1st., Homemade Minestrone Soup officially unleashed last week as new "seasonal veggie". (We're a few days late with this post.) As usual, 5 free cups of soup for first 5 family members (must be kin!) who post here now., this is a public service warning: if you park in Back Bay & have horns on roof of your car, you could be the target of a robbery. our's were stolen last night from the roof of our catering van. (we find comfort in fact that we still have a set of horns on our other van.) if anyone finds our horns or the hardened criminal whose car they're now on top of, you'll be rewarded in house-ground beef., quest to make fast-food "real" continues today. Chef T is testing out curing & smoking our own bacon (those are applewood chips in the bottom pan). while this one is a long shot, we figured it couldn't hurt to try (& it definitely won't hurt to taste-test homemade bacon)., Check us battling the evil forces of the "pink slime" on Channel 5 News last night. Chalk this one up as a victory for real food., "It's not where's the beef. It's what's in the beef?" b.good takes down "pink slime" tonight on Channel 5 News @ 11pm. (Here's a pic we took an hour ago of reporting legend, Jorge Quiroga, posing with our beef.), 65 degrees means Harvey makes his triumphant comeback to the streets. He's blending free chocolate shakes in front of Dartmouth Street during lunchtime & then Harvard Square this afternoon. Come sip on one if you're around., Scary. USDA supposedly bought 7 million pounds of trash (a.k.a. "pink slime") to serve in school lunch program. Reminds us that we need to keep pushing to bring our burgers to more schools. Right now, we bring them to every public school in Brookline and Concord and to a charter school in Norwell., Made it official today by booking our order with In-Stitches Sewing School in Quincy. 27 crazy b.good family members will run 26.2 miles in giant stuffed burger, foam fry & sweet potato fry costumes. Suits ready by April 1st. But, quest to raise $27,000 for Back On My Feet already underway., we may have grown 650 lbs. of tomatoes on roof above our downtown b.good this summer. but, these guys would grow 650,000 lbs. so, really hope this happens. boston needs more of it., cherry-dark-chocolate-chip milkshakes have officially begun. family members, come visit so we can blend you up our Valentine's day gift., More evidence that there is no price tag for beauty. Harvey, our 30 year old ice cream truck, received its excise tax bill today. According to the state's accountants, our beautiful, flame-covered baby is worth $250. (Yes, we have to write a check for $6.25 to make our milkshake making monster truck street-legal this year.), Homemade cherry puree (cherries, lemon juice, sugar, water) is ready. (Chef Tony took this picture to show you what he was doing today.) So, family members, please plan your Valentine's Day dining schedule accordingly. Our cherry-dark-chocolate valentine that you can sip through a straw will be hitting your inbox tomorrow morning around 10am., About time they got their hot sauce on our house-ground beef. G. Love & Aiden stopped by tonight for burgers at Back Bay., Last month, we asked family members to nominate recipients of Chris’ free burgers for life (he won them when we opened up on Mass Ave). So, these organizations will receive his burgers for the next 8 years. (In 2020, we’ll ask for more.), The Brigade is 23 deep in Boston. Now, we taking it to Cambridge. So, if you're somehow interested in running 26.2 in a giant burger suit & helping local homeless, come to the Burger Brigade Cambridge kick-off meeting tonight at b.good Harvard Square by RSVP-ing here:, if any family members didn't try our new "seasonal veggie" (i.e. 4-bean chili) yesterday, there'll be a free cup (w/ purchase) on your Family ID until Wednesday night. come on down., In case you missed this in our email, we want to start giving different gifts (besides our food) to kin who use ID most. So, thinking about t-shirts for you guys on 100th visit. Check these out and cast a vote. (Or, even better, if you’re creative, send us a design. If we go with it, we’ll return the favor in lots of burgers.), We officially introduce our Customer of The Year this morning. So, we're giving her free burgers for the next year. Everyone else in our family gets free, homemade 4-bean chili (it's vegetarian) today w/ purchase. Kinfolk, check your inbox in the next couple of hours., so far, 28 insane b.good family members have decided to become stuffed-burger-running-legends. Now, we want you. If you're interested in running 26.2 in a giant burger suit & helping Boston's homeless, come to the Burger Brigade kick-off meeting tonight by RSVP-ing here:, The Burger Brigade wants you! Yes, once again this spring, a fierce but merry bunch of our craziest kinfolk will run 26.2 miles in giant foam burger suits and raise some real money for charity. If you're at all interested in joining us, RSVP for our kick-off meeting this Monday night at b.good Mass Ave., On her quest to bring our burgers to everyone who'll eat them outside of our restaurants, Erica (our catering boss) made this little video yesterday before leaving with an order. Check it to see how we get our catering done & the guys & girls who do it. And drop Erica a line if you want her to bring some to you - catering@bgood.com, Started a new salad (actually, a new take on an old menu staple) last week. But, with birthday excitement, forgot to post about it here. So, welcome the (new) Hatchback to our menu -- baby spinach, sharp cheddar, apples, sweet potatoes, dried cherries, toasted pecans, & maple-mustard vinaigrette. First 5 to post here get one on their Family ID. (As usual, must be kin to win.), And just in case you want to see how we cut those sweet potatoes, here's a weird video we made back when we first started serving them., We just started testing out a different blade size to cut our sweet potatoes. So, starting Friday, you'll notice that our hand-cut sweet potato fries are a little thinner than they used to be. We think they bake up crispier & are even better than the original. Let us know what you think., if you missed our email this morning, we still need help picking our Customer of The Year (& the person who eats our burgers for free for next 365). Vote before 10pm tonight., Following example set by last year's Customer of The Year, this man has selflessly donated his LIFETIME of free burgers to a local charity (i.e. 100 burgers a year, every year for as long as he lives). We're still looking for worthy causes. So, if you have one, post it here or email us at jonandanthony@bgood.com., 12 hours left to become the person who eats our burgers free for the next 365 days. Tell us why you're our Customer of The Year before midnight tonight. , This is kind of weird but besides celebrating our birth today, we're also serving up a new hot sauce that's made by our family's most famous rock star. Garrett (aka G. Love) actually lived right across the street from our first b.good & came by all the time. Because he’s kin & his hot sauce is real good (and because we’re holding on to the dream that he’ll play our Family BBQ this summer), we’re officially serving G's sauce at all b.goods from now on.  And to properly introduce it, we got a few of these beautiful t-shirts for the 3 family members who post the best reason why they should get one., Happy birthday to b.good. Yup, we turn 8 today. So, kinfolk, check your inboxes in the next hour or so & then come celebrate with us. (And if you're not kin yet, join now before our email goes out.), after a moment of silence for the green chile burger, we officially start up The Rocket (homemade marinated mushrooms, provolone & arugula) at all our babies today. as usual, first 5 to post here get one on their Family ID (i.e. you have to be kin to win)., stay up on burgers being delivered in flame-covered vans to offices near you! fan team b.good catering here so you'll everywhere we bring our beef. (also, get lots of chances to win free food since Erica is hungry to grow her fan base ASAP.), yesterday, we zip-locked some of our salads for another round of nutritional analyses. so, even though this picture looks kind of funny, this is how we find out the nutritional info for our food -- make a bunch at the restaurant, put them in zip lock bags, & fedex to a food laboratory in Wisconsin. they'll send back the info in a couple of weeks., shared this w/ our guys today & figured you guys may like it. as our quest for greatness continues in 2012, it's the little decisions that'll determine whether we get there. http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2011/12/a-hundred-little-things.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+typepad%2Fsethsmainblog+%28Seth%27s+Blog%29, And to make sure you guys knew what we gave our 41 most loyal kinfolk for a holiday gift last week, Chris sent us this picture of himself all snuggled up in his cozy, new b.good family Snuggie., In case you missed our email, here's our own special way of wishing you guys a Happy Holidays., You gave us the Goomba. Now give us another beautiful burger name by posting on here. This time, do it for the new "seasonal special" we'll start right after new year's. It'll be topped with homemade marinated mushrooms, provolone & arugula. Winner gets a bunch of free burgers. (Please do it soon, though. We need to order menu panels tomorrow night.), Only a few days left if you want one of our gift cards to arrive before Christmas. Give holiday gifts of "real" food (& save a few bucks when you do)., gave ourselves some beautiful holiday gifts yesterday. we got these bull horns put on the roofs of both our vans., Butternut Squash Soup officially unleashed today as new "seasonal veggie". (This picture is how we make it... pears, apples, local squash, jalapenos, etc.) As usual, 5 free cups of soup for first 5 family members (must be kin!) who post here now., Thanks to emails of our brilliant customers, we officially added "Side Salads" to our menu this week (they're just half-sized versions of our originals). To introduce them properly, we'll give 5 free ones for first 5 family members (must be kin!) to post here., Aubree has wrapped the 800 holiday gifts we're giving you guys tomorrow. (These 40 are the special ones we got for the 40 family members who visited us the most this year.) Prepare for your inbox to be dominated by our holiday joy around 10am tomorrow., No mystery meat for the kids in Westwood today. That's because we brought our locally-raised house-ground beef & our guys to the W.H.S. cafeteria & grilled up 250 west-side burgers., Highlight of Harvey's weekend -- blending free milkshakes for crazy, half-naked, athletes at finish line of Santa Speedo Run in Back Bay., UPS just delivered the special holiday gifts we made for the 40 kinfolk who visited the most since we started our family system. They're the greatest token of holiday love ever given to a fast-food family. (Yes, they're even better than those weird b.good undergarments we gave out back in the day.) And don't worry too much if you're not elite kin, we'll have beautiful gifts for you too. Just check your email next Wednesday & come quick since we could only order 800 of them., late, last night in Harvard Square. we blended the free shakes inside. @canary cranked the rock & roll outside., those local green chilis will be gone soon. so, we'll need a new "seasonal special" burger soon. today, tested this one with provolone, homemade marinated mushrooms+sweet peppers, & arugula., Brought our beef, guys, & grills to Sharon High School today & served up 300+ locally-raised, house-ground burgers. No mystery meat in those kids' lunches today., This strange, 60-degree, late-November weather has forced the old fella out of hibernation. Post here to tell us where Harvey should visit you this afternoon. Aubree & Roger will pick 3 offices to park in front of & blend lots of free shakes., Since we're hoping you'd like to give holiday gifts of "real" food, we just made it possible to buy our gift cards online. (We also made it so you'd save a few bucks when you do.), Our new flame-&-face-covered vans are ready to take our burgers to the streets. (The new one came out so nice that we decided to get our old, grey one painted black & flamed up.) Thanks to posts on here, they're named "Betty" and "Bruce". Everyone who submitted a name will get a gift on their Family ID this week. Manny & Jenn will split the grand prize. (We'll be in touch soon.), Had to break down our roof-top garden above b.good downtown today. Pretty insane that those 24 baby pools we just stacked on top of each other produced 45 lbs of collards & 650 lbs of tomatoes this summer. Next summer, we want 1,000., Burlington isn't our only new baby. Yes, we just bought a van, painted it black, & next week, sign guys will add flames, logos & pictures of guys' faces who grind our beef everyday. And in keeping with our weird tradition of naming our vehicles (see: El Tio, Terremoto, & Harvey), we want you guys to name our newest addition. (We'll paint it on there kind of like a boat.) So, post a name here. Best one wins a free catered burger bonanza for 50 people. (We'll deliver it in the flame-covered van you name.), Like every Halloween, we have treats for our family today. Free pumpkin shakes with purchase today (one day only). Bring in your Family ID (email, key-chain or app) and sip pumpkin pie through a straw. Happy Halloween!, 2 more hours to live a life like this guy: http://tinyurl.com/4xgpth3. picking our new cousin in burlington at 1pm. enter at our site., Burlington pre-party tonight for "family". Come by for a first look at our new baby, free burgers, fries, & shakes out of Harvey parked in front. (Maybe even live music outside if we can convince the band that it's not really going to snow.) Come celebrate the birth of our new baby tonight 6-8pm @ 82 Mall Road in Burlington. (Remember to bring your QR code on email, key-chain, or app.), A few of our best salads make comeback today: Chicken Caesar (this time w/ fresh shaved parm & homemade grilled croutons), Grilled Mediterranean, and Local Fall Salad (roasted pears, butternut squash, sharp cheddar, candied walnuts, maple-apple vinaigrette). To welcome them back right, we're giving away 5 free salads to the 1st 5 to post here now. (As always, you MUST already be in our family to get the freebie.), Roger, Andre, & Harvey just finished up blending free local apple-cinnamon milkshakes at the Back On My Feet "Fun Run" in Hingham. (They're scary.), And like we do whenever we give birth, some lucky family member will eat free burgers for rest of their days in Burlington. Why not you?, Giving birth to new Burlington b.good baby next Friday. In this baby, we're testing out idea of decorating it with our own art. (Last week, we hired a photographer, brought him to a b.good and then to one of the local farms we work with.) So, help us by voting for your favorite. For the effort, we'll put some love on your Family ID for the effort next week., Quest to make fast-food "real" advances tomorrow. Family email in morning will intro improvements (& include gifts so you can try them). Get a jump tonight by checking this..., Ulry is en fuego at the BAA Half Marathon this morning. If you're running, come by for one fresh off the grill., This may or may not be our new catering/marketing vehicle. (Depends if guy from craigslist calls us back & if our mechanic approves.) In keeping with our weird tradition, if we get this baby she'll be pimped with flames, logos & most likely, a big picture of somebody's head., Green Chile Burger isn't only new addition today. Started up local cauliflower w/ cheddar & breadcrumbs as our new seasonal side (Dick's corn harvest is done). First 5 to post here get one loaded on their Family ID. (Again, must be kin to get a gift.), Green Chile Burger with local green chilis from Dick's, bacon, pepper jack & caramelized onions officially returns today. 5 free ones for first 5 family members (must be kin!) to post here. 

(Just a head's up... won't be able to send those 5 gifts until after lunch. Will be sent in time for dinner though.), Last Saturday, 7 of our weird burger suits crossed the finish line in a 5K road race in Atlanta, GA. (A charity down there found out about our Marathon burger runners and asked us if they could borrow our costumes to help them raise money in their road race.) , Busted out new seasonal special yesterday, the local apple-cinnamon milkshake (as modeled here by new cashier, Manny). If you didn't sip it last fall, just know that it's apple-pie-a-la-mode (but through a straw). Giving 5 free ones to the first 5 family members to post on here now., A little rain could never stop team b.good (stef, andre, & erica) from bringing some local beef to the Boston Local Food Festival. If you're going, look for us and our grill in Section B., Some nice press today about our house-ground steak (instead of mystery meat) in school cafeterias., Season is nearly over for the tomatoes we grew on the roof above b.good downtown. But, not before we bust 600 lb. barrier., Just couple of days left for local peaches. So, we're giving kin free peach shakes (with a purchase) from now until Dick's in Lunenburg is out. Family members, bring in your IDs. (Not kin, join here: http://bgood.com/family.php.), Team b.good (yes, all 15 of us) are ready to rock day #2 at Life is Good Festival. Come visit us. (And if you're kin, show us your family ID so we can show you some special love)., Bruno, our ace grill man, has arrived at Life is Good Festival loaded with fresh burgers & veggie burgers. Come see us today & tomorrow. (if you're kin, show us your family ID so we can show you some special love)., weird but true. charity in ATL wanted our Marathon burger suits to raise money in road race. we UPS-ed 7 of them down there last week. yesterday, one of them made it's way onto this strange TV appearance on Good Morning Atlanta., Here's a pic..., Just finished serving up 740 locally-raised, house-ground burgers at Hingham High cafeteria today. (Sold out & heading back to Boston with none... just the way we like it.), It's MA "Harvest to Students Week" (part of the Farm-to-School Project). So, our grinders will be burning some midnight oil this week. All in, we'll serve 5,000 locally-raised, house-ground burgers in 5 days to kids in Marshfield, Hingham, Concord, & Brookline. No mystery meat in those cafeterias this week., In anticipation of the birth of our new Burlington baby, Harvey made his presence felt at Taste of Burlington tonight. (We introduced Harvey to our new neighbors last week at this charity BBQ we threw for the Burlington Food Pantry: http://tinyurl.com/639mmuv), Not too many tag-teams better than house-ground burgers & craft beers. Here are brews that our buddies at Drink Craft Beer figure go best with our beef., Need your help. We've been debating the sign for our new baby b.good we're opening in Burlington next month. We like this tag-line a lot. But, some weird feedback has shaken our faith. Would you guys vote by commenting either "like" or "dislike" on here? It would really help us out. (Plus, if you're in our family & make your voice heard, we'll put some love on your Family ID for the effort.) Thanks., nice little article about the tomatoes on our roof & our partnership with Green City Growers today in the Dig., 1st day of school & we just sent 2,000 locally-raised, house-ground burgers to Brookline's elementary school cafeterias. Concord & Norwell are up next week. (We've been trying to bring them to more schools. Kids should eat "real" burgers instead of nasty commodity patties.), This is too weird to be able to make up... Non-profit in Atlanta called Embrace hosts fund-raising event called "Battle of The Burgers" & it includes a 5K road race. Somehow, the woman who started it found out about our stuffed burger suits & crazy b.good family members who ran the Marathon in them. She emailed us a couple of days ago & we offered to ship our giant burger costumes down to ATL to help her raise some more money at the race. (We took this pic at the UPS Store in Back Bay this afternoon.), Local potato harvest is ready. So, we're celebrating today with free fries for our family all day long. (Kinfolk, just remember to bring in your Family ID.), Local Peach Shakes returned last week, but forgot to post so you guys would know. We're making them w/ peaches from Dick's in Lunenburg, our homemade peach puree (peaches, water, lime juice, brown sugar), & frozen yogurt. To welcome it properly, giving away 5 free ones to first 5 family members to post on here. (We'll load it on your Family ID by emailing you. So, need to already be kin to be eligible.), Irene, that evil girl. She closed down over half our restaurants today (mostly because she shut down the T). We're OPEN in Harvard Square, Back Bay, & Hingham. CLOSED in Dedham, Downtown, Newbury St, & Mass Ave., 7 things you may not know about us...., let's go, b.good family. local burgers, beers & bands for a local legend. last day to get tickets online for $15: http://bgood.eventbrite.com/, Adriann, our amazing customer in Harvard Square, just said good-bye & gave us this gift to remember him by. (He's leaving Cambridge for Cali tomorrow.) You can't tell from the photo, but this fry statue he made is probably 2' high. We put it in the middle of the restaurant so you'll see it next time you hit Harvard., Local burgers, beers & bands on Sunday in SoWa. All to raise some money for a local legend. Get the details & buy tickets to our Family BBQ below., Local Tomato Mozzarella Salad returns today. (Downtown, those tomatoes are from our roof. We've harvested 250 lbs up there so far. All other b.goods, they're from Dick's in Lunenburg.) To welcome it right, gonna give away 5 salads for free to first 5 family members to post on here. (We'll load it on your Family ID by emailing you. So, need to already be kin to be eligible.), Highlight of Harvey's 1st week back in Boston. (Thank you, Robert Gillies.), The new and improved Harvey is back in action and ready to show off his new swag. First three offices to post from Cambridge will get freshly blended chocolate shakes by our intern Matt., 32 lbs. of tomatoes harvested today on the roof of downtown b.good. Brings us to 90 lbs. so far this summer. (That's Victoria with the tomatoes. She's the daughter of Priscilla, our ace salad/shake maker downtown.), survived our first week with our new "family system". fixed lots of glitches. but, since it's still new, we need to know if any of you guys experienced any technical difficulties that we need to work on. (also, if you haven't gotten a key-chain card from a cashier or downloaded our app called "b.good", we're hoping you will. we promise to show love for kin who use it.), on your way to the redsox game? stop by for a quick snack, could be a free one courtesy of leidy, make sure to thank her too, only at the mass ave store, now until there gone. enjoy!, Testing some functionality on new family system we launched on Thursday. So, starting now, first 5 people to bring this QR code to any b.good before 1pm will get a free burger. (Again, we only put 5 burgers on this code & it expires at 1pm today.) If you do make it in for one of the burgers, please let us know how we do. Thanks., stumbled upon new burger place that opened in VA last week called Be Right Burger. even signs inside are eerily familiar..., today, we also start a new & improved way to show love for family. so, next time you're in, ask a cashier for one of these key-chain cards (pictured below) or download our app (search "b.good" at App Store or Android Marketplace). use it to "check-in" whenever you visit and we promise, you're gonna feel lots of our love., local corn harvested at Dick's. so, we're giving grilled corn away free today to our family (with purchase of burger or salad). kinfolk, check your inbox later this morning to get yours. (and check this old video we made if you'd like more on Dick's: http://tinyurl.com/3p8s85c) , 17 lbs of tomatoes harvested last few days from our roof above b.good downtown. If rest of summer goes as planned, there'll be 500 more lbs where those came from., Mr. Mayor, meet Harvey. Harvey, meet Mr. Mayor., Not a bad way to spend a perfect Saturday morning. Grilling & shaking today on Long Island (one of the Boston Harbor Islands) for Big Sister of Boston's summer BBQ., Do more push ups then matt in thirty seconds to win a free burger right now outside of the mass ave store, also have blueberry shake samples for those who cheer them on, good luck!, Waited all year for this one. Local Blueberry Shakes start tomorrow (Thursday) at all b.goods. Vanilla ice cream from Toscanini's, milk from Richardson's, & blueberries from Dick's Market Garden. Prepare to get your sip on in 12 hours., Equipped with new speakers (that street post came out of nowhere), Harvey has just set sail for Dedham. If you or someone you know works in the Dedham/Needham area & likes free shakes blended by a flame-covered ice cream truck, post where we should go here. Matt & Aubree will do a few drive-bys this afternoon., Earlier this spring, we offered up free burgers to kinfolk who put weird b.good stickers on their cars for a month. These 8 insane family members spent the last 30 days driving around in cars that looked like this: http://tinyurl.com/6fmsbe9, Quest to make fast-food "real" inched forward a little more again today. That's because we started making our own juice for our mango shakes. We're making it with: mango, water, sugar, lime juice, passion fruit puree. If you try one, let us know what you think., Honored that our house-ground beef was a part of a couple's big day. Yesterday, we brought our grill out to JP to cater our first wedding. Congrats, Abby & Laura., Hadn't gotten up on the roof in a while. So, today, good to see tomatoes growing strong above b.good downtown. According to the experts at Green City Growers who are taking care of them, each plant will yield 5 lbs. Since we have 125 plants up there, that's a lot of tomatoes come August., We finally started our homemade lemonades & iced teas at Dartmouth Street last week. But, we forgot to tell anyone. So, come by our Back Bay place today, buy a burger/sandwich & fries. We'll give you a free tea or lemonade. Just mention this post., Starting up Spindrift Soda at Newbury, Dedham & Harvard Square today. It's made locally with fresh ingredients. If you guys like it, we'll be bringing it to all b.goods., We always thought Harvey was the badest ice cream truck there was. But, we may have just found his match. (We salute you, Cadbury Ice Cream. You guys are geniuses.), Matt & Harvey are taking free shakes to the beaches of the South Shore today (they're heading to Sandy Beach in Cohasset). Along the way, they want to stop by an office in Hingham (or neighboring town). So, if you're in Hingham (or close by on South Shore) & want a flame-covered, music playing ice cream truck to visit in an hour, post here. First one, gets him., Just finished up burger & craft beer pairing session with Drink Craft Beer for their review next week. Tasted over a dozen craft beers in search for the perfect matches for our local strawberry salad, el guapo, & goomba burger. (It's a tough job, but somebody has to help our customers know the beer they should drink with our burgers.), Clouds, rain & only 2 weeks on the job couldn't stop Matt (& Harvey) from blending free shakes today for the 3 of you who posted on here earlier. Check back here when the sun returns... Matt & Harvey are working all summer., It's Wednesday and we wanna test Matt The Intern's speed again. Today, he's running Harvey. So, Matt will come by to make free shakes for the offices of the first 3 people to post here who work in Cambridge. (Sorry, we have to stay in Cambridge today.), Brought our grill & Harvey out to Brookline tonight to make burgers & shakes for the movie crews of Adam Sandler's new flick. (Vanilla Ice is in it. Sadly, we can't confirm that he ate one of our burgers tonight.), Matt and Aubree, or Aubree and Matt, however you say it, these two are outisde the mass ave store handing out free mango shakes in honor of the bruins VICTORY last night, Enjoy!, Just picked 45 pounds of collard greens from our roof-top garden on top of b.good downtown. Sauteing them with bacon & garlic and serving them up FREE tomorrow downtown (255 Washington Street). Not on menu, so you'll need to ask for them if you're heading there tomorrow., Matt The Intern is gonna be alright. He got those 10 free burgers down to Bill (pictured here) by 12:25 today. (By the way, we did this thing on a phone so we actually made a mistake & didn't pick the first person to post. So, TC Cheever, if you see this, send an email to jon@bgood.com so we can get you burgers sometime soon.), This is Matt. Today is his first day working at b.good for the summer. He just started as our marketing intern/catering delivery guy. Since he plays both football & basketball at Harvard, we figure he's really fast. So, we want to test his speed by sending him out to bring 10 free burgers to the first person who responds to this post. (Only rules are that you're somewhere in Boston or Cambridge. Sorry, Hingham & Dedham, Matt will hit you next week.), Last month, we offered up free burgers to kinfolk who'd put weird b.good stickers on their car. (We were helping another customer test viability of his advertising start-up). This month, 9 of our most insane family members will drive around with cars that look like this. (Derrick just sent us this pic of his stickered ride.), Spent morning at Dick's in Lunenburg, MA. (It's the farm that we get all our local fruits & veggies from during the native growing season.) Since these first strawberries of the season are ready, we're bringing back our Local Strawberry & Goat Cheese salad on Thursday., 1st veggie from Dick's in Lunenburg, MA is in the house. We start up grilled bok choy (w/ sesame-ginger sauce) as our new "seasonal veggie" at lunch today., Our burgers are at the center of some kind of strange, underground social movement. Out of nowhere, another one of our champions just let us know he wants to donate his free burgers for life to some local people in need. 

Check his email to us here: http://tinyurl.com/44anykx. 

Check how he won that lifetime supply of locally-raised beef: http://tinyurl.com/4xgpth3, Aubree will be on mass ave/boylston st with 3 free tickets to the scooper bowl for the first 3 people to find her (she also has fry coupons for others who missed out) good luck!, Fabian, Belser & 1,000 fresh-ground burgers are en route to Marshfield for Ruckus Boston. (Harvey's even coming out of retirement for this one.) If you're running the Ruckus today, come see us for a west-side & chocolate shake., Still loving our partnership w/ Boston Cannons pro lax team. We get this amazing video on their jumbro-tron & free tickets to give to you guys. So, post here if you want a pair of free tickets for tomorrow night's game at Harvard Stadium. (First one gets 'em.), Aubree has blended chocolate gifts again tonight for anyone heading to Sox game (or just walking down Mass Ave.) She also has 3 free burger vouchers for the first 3 people to hit her up. Come get some., Got first local veggies of the spring in today. So, tomorrow's "seasonal side" of grilled asparagus will be from Hadley, MA (Czajkowski Farm). (For last few weeks, the closest source has been Jersey.) Next week, we'll be grilling bok choy from our old buddies at Dick's in Lunenburg, MA. Lots more coming from here til winter., Cook-book author & crazy master-chef of the b.good kitchen, Chef Tony, is on WBUR. Check him out talking about burgers, his newest cook-book, & approachable food. (Also check him out continuing the sad tradition of b.good founders looking really horrible in press photos.), Aubree has 5 free burger vouchers to the first 5 people to ask for them, she also has chocolate shake samples at the corner of mass ave and boylston st, 80 degrees makes our young veggies happy... couple more weeks & we'll be serving up the collard greens we're growing on our downtown restaurant's roof. And since landlord approved more space, we're doubling the size of the garden next week. Gonna be a lot of tomatoes growing in Downtown Crossing come August., Teaming up with Boston Cannons pro lax team has gotten us a couple of great things. First, we get this video played on their jumbro-tron during games. Second, we get tickets to give to b.good family members. So, post here if you want a pair of free tickets for tomorrow night's game. (First one to post gets 'em.), Last week, we offered up free burgers to kinfolk who'd put these weird b.good stickers on their car. (We're helping a customer test viability of his start-up called Carbucks). 23 of our most insane kin responded. If there's anyone else out there who'd be interested, post here., we're happy about the new salads we started in the last couple of weeks & want our kinfolk to try them. so, today, family members can bring in their email for a free side or shake with the purchase of a salad., Growing veggies on our roof downtown with Green City Growers. Check this video going out to our newsletter family this morning. , Quest to make fast-food "real" inched forward a bit more today. All the hormone-free milk we serve now comes from Richardson's, a family dairy-farm in Middleton, MA. http://tinyurl.com/3bs9kwj, Grilled Mediterranean Salad officially started today. (Goodbye, Hatchback. You had a nice 2-year run.) Newest salad has red leaf lettuce, roasted red peppers, grilled zucchini & squash, feta cheese, black olives, oven-roasted tomatoes, hummus, pita, & thyme vinaigrette. If you guys get a chance to try it, let us know what you think., On roof of our downtown b.good with Jessie & Jason from Green City Growers. (Our landlord actually gave us parking spots on the top floor of the parking garage.) Just planted collard greens that should be ready by June. Tomatoes by August. Goal is to grow enough to serve exclusively in the local tomato mozzarella salad we'll serve in late-summer., Jake "The Shake", the first man to drive Harvey, has returned to us from an internship in L.A. He's working the grill today (& wearing a burger suit) at Mayfair in Harvard Square. If you're coming to Mayfair, come by & see Jake. He's got gifts for b.good family members who ask him for one., Jimmy & Edge are getting ready to feed the hungry young minds of Concord Carlisle High School. With 500 locally-raised, house ground burgers, these smokin' hot lunch ladies are coming strong today., 14 customers raising $17K for charity by running the marathon in giant burger & fry suits is amazing. But, even more amazing is this craigslist personal ad posted tonight by a woman who apparently fell for one our sweaty, running burgers: http://tinyurl.com/6766b5y, Starting new salad today. Tex-Mex Chicken Caesar coming strong with:
Romaine
Black Eye Peas
Queso Fresco
Tomato
Hearts of Palm
Cilantro
Tortilla strips
Homemade chili-lime vinaigrette
Come & get it., Hopefully, you guys remember that our Customer of The Year and the guy who named our baby burgers "hugos" donated their years worth of burgers to a local homeless shelter. So, took a while to set it up, but we just delivered 160 burgers, fries, & salads to St. Ambrose Family Shelter on behalf of those amazing guys. Here's one of the kids they made happy at lunch today., Today, 14 b.good family members will conquer 26.2 miles while wearing giant burger, fry, & sweet potato fry suits. (No, we are not making this up. For proof, check today's metro: http://tinyurl.com/3gpl5rh). They're doing it all to raise money for Back On My Feet. Please let them hear you when they pass., Just counted this cash we collected at yesterday's ice cream truck battle against Ben & Jerry's. $507 going directly to Back On My Feet tomorrow. And even though Harvey may have lost the battle, he will win the war on the city's streets. Yes, we'll meet again sometime soon, Ben & Jerry's. And our old, flame-covered gladiator will be ready to settle the score., Harvey is an old, but proud warrior. He does not fear big Ben & Jerry's. Come see him do battle at 4pm in Harvard Square (in front of b.good). Free shakes, free scoops, live ska band and it's all to try to raise some cash for Back On My Feet., Ice cream truck death match today at 4pm on streets of Harvard Square. (Don't worry, Harvey's old, but he has the heart of a lion.) We're blending free shakes, Ben & Jerry's dishing out free scoops. All to raise money for Back On My Feet. outhttp://tinyurl.com/6jndrsu, You talking to us Ben & Jerry's? We know you can't be talking to us. 

Confirmed. Ice cream truck battle to the death on the streets of Harvard Square this Thursday. Harvey vs. Ben & Jerry's truck. Free shakes from us, free ice cream from B&J's. All to raise money for Back On My Feet. (More info soon.), Thank you, Krista Carmichael. Krista dropped off these homemade ginger cookies & hand-written note today for us @ Harvard Sq. According to her note, she baked us heart-shaped cookies because she noticed that we screwed up on the "family" calendars (the ones we gave out for the holidays) & printed today as Valentine's Day. Anyway, Krista, wherever you are, we hope you read this so you'll know how much we appreciate it., Local, all-natural hot dogs & shakes made with Toscanini's ice cream. Today was a good day., Just finished getting Harvey detailed for tomorrow's launch. Starting tomorrow, we're proudly scooping ice cream from the local legends at Toscanini's for our milkshakes. (Kinfolk, we'll be hooking you up with free ones tomorrow when you buy a burger.), Teaming up w/ b.good family member @ 15-40 Connection. They're all about improving cancer survival rates via early detection. Since it’s Nat. Adol. & Yng Adult Cancer Awareness Wk, we're hoping 15-40 yr old patient or survivor in our own family would share their story w/ us. Want to use it to raise awareness & a few bucks. We'd be grateful. Plus, we'll feed you a bunch of free burgers. Email jonandanthony@bgood.com, Besides dogs, Friday's big because we officially start scooping Toscanini's ice cream in our shakes. Right now, our freezers are loaded with the good stuff. (BTW, proving that we're perfect business partners, the man himself -- Gus Toscanini -- will be driving Harvey all over Cambridge & Boston on Friday making free shakes with his ice cream.), They're coming Friday. (And they're coming strong with homemade relish.) Yes, after hearing from lots of you on here & after some internal debate about whether they fit our definition of "real" food, we're serving dogs on Opening Day. They're "real" because they're made with the same local, all-natural beef as our burgers. And because the ingredients are: beef, water, sea salt, natural spices, turbinado sugar, paprika, celery juice, onion powder, lactic acid starter culture, & natural lamb casing. (BTW, you'll have to come quick because every b.good will only have around 100.), Today, 3pm Harvard Sq b.good. Run with a bunch of human burgers, get free hugo burger + harvey shake. (Last week, we had over 50 runners!) It's all part of an effort to raise money for Back On My Feet. If up you can be here, check this before you get here for some inspiration: http://tinyurl.com/4g3l7x9, Yes, these guys actually answered our weird call on facebook last week. So, Berklee students, Dean & Luke, are running 26.2 miles in these ridiculous foam suits. And they're joining 2 other foam fries and 10 stuffed burgers in our effort to raise some money to help local homeless via Back On My Feet., Today, run with a bunch of b.good family members dressed as hamburgers and we'll give you a FREE hugo burger. The "Burger Brigade" (a.k.a. our 10 insane customers running 26.2 in giant burger suits) is leading its first fun run today. (Don't worry, it's only 1 mile.) Meet us at 3pm in front of Harvard Square b.good. There'll be live music and Harvey. (And before you come check this: http://tinyurl.com/4g3l7x9.), This is Gus. (But, if you eat ice cream & live in Boston, lots of you already know that.) In 2 weeks, he'll be the guy making all the ice cream in our shakes. (Yes, we're teaming up with local legends, Toscanini's.) Gus even promised to drive Harvey, our ice cream truck, all over Cambridge giving out free shakes on the day we go live., Really sad day for us yesterday. We got the official call from the City to let us know that we weren't the chosen one to grind steak in this little building on the Boston Common. They went with a FL-based restaurant called "Earl of Sandwich" (they're owned by Planet Hollywood). So, unfortunately, we won't be able to turn that abandoned, old, men's bathroom into the greatest b.good the world has ever known., These were finished today. They're the burger, fry, & sweet potato fry suits that a bunch of our family members will wear in The Boston Marathon next month. It's all a part of our plan to raise some money for Back On My Feet. (With the dream that there many be others out there demented enough to want to join us, we made an extra sweet fry & fry suit. So, if you'd be up for running 26.2 dressed as a giant, sweaty, foam sweet potato, post on here.), After a long, hard, salty winter, Harvey is ready to take it to the streets again today. (Aubree even washed him this morning.) And thanks to the kinfolk who emailed, he'll be blending St. Patty's mint-chip shakes at the following locations this afternoon: Symphony Hall, Liberty Mutual (Berkley St.), 28 State St., & then finish the day outside the bars in Faneuil Hall., hello b.good family members, we're putting our annual St. Patty's Day mint-chip shake in your inbox around 10am. Come see us today and sip ice cream (or yogurt), fresh mint & chocolate chips through a straw., It's The Monty's last day downtown (we'll start new seasonal special, "The Goomba" as soon as we run out of local cheddar & homemade pickles). So, Camila decided to give The Monty away free today when you buy one. (Downtown -Washington Street - only & only available til she runs out)., Goomba. That's what we're gonna call our new "seasonal special" burger with wild mushrooms (cremini, shiitake, oyster) & Pineland Farm's smoked cheddar. Thanks to Aimee who answered the call & posted that name on here Tuesday, our new burger will be named after these weird, little evil mushroom warriors from Super Mario Bros., Yesterday, the girls at In-Stitches Sewing Studio finished 10 burger suits for the b.good family members insane enough to run the Boston Marathon with giant stuffed burgers around their waists. (The 4 sweet potato fry and fry suits are done too.) First team training run will be Saturday the 24th in Harvard Square. It's all to support Back On My Feet. So, we hope you guys will be there., Gonna keep going to the well here for product names... so, starting up a new "seasonal special" next week. Need to order the signs this afternoon. Our new burger will be topped with local smoked cheddar & wild mushrooms (cremini, shiitake & oyster). Post a name for it here. We'll give a bunch of free burgers to whoever submits the one we go with., Forgot to post this last week... We started serving up homemade minestrone as our new seasonal veggie. (We'll miss you, veggie chili.) Grilled asparagus will be up next in April., Need some menu development feedback from you guys -- should we serve hot dogs (made from same local beef as our burgers) as seasonal special this spring? (We'd do 'em up right with seasonal/local toppings.) Chef Tony hates the idea. Anthony & I dig it. Would you buy them? Are they "real" food? We're all ears., We're testing this concept of business collaborating with it's customers to do some good together. So, you guys can help us help Head Start by buying a gift card: http://tinyurl.com/4hfcsea

Here's the deal - for every $20 gc sold, we'll put $40 towards helping Head Start. And that means we'll send Chef Tony over to train their food service team & feed 470 needy little kids some locally-raised burgers., In April, 10 b.good customers will run Boston's 26.2 with giant stuffed burgers around their waist. And they've committed to raising $1,800 each for Back On My Feet. (Karen, the sewing instructor who's making the suits, sent these pics to let us know she's almost done.), Right now, these 2 red hot lunch ladies (a.k.a. Jimmy & Edge) are grilling up hundreds of locally-raised, house-ground burgers for the hungry young minds at South Shore Charter School., May be best thing we've been a part of since starting this business. In case you missed today's email, the Berklee student who won our naming contest emailed yesterday saying he wanted to advance the movement & donate his year of free burgers to same homeless shelter: http://www.bgood.com/michael-letter-bgood.php

Since Monday, 4 b.good family members have donated hundreds of burgers. Viva the revolution!, We're giving birth to smaller-sized, smaller-priced baby burgers named "Hugos" today at Mass Ave & Harvard Square. (Since we're just testing these little guys out, they're not on the menu anywhere except Mass Ave & Harvard.) http://www.bgood.com/contest_hugo.php, You guys can help us be more like Chris, our Customer of The Year who donated his burgers to charity (& more like our other anonymous customer who has pledged to match Chris' donation). All you have to do is vote for the cause you'd most like to us invest our time & burgers in: http://sochange.com/businesses/1-bgood#vote, As if Chris' act of kindness wasn't amazing enough, we got this incredible email last night from another b.good family member offering to double our Customer of The Year's donation., Already wrote about this in today's newsletter, but it's so great it bears repeating on here in case you didn't catch it. This guy Chris won our Customer of The Year contest. When we let him know he won, he wrote us back this email to donate his year's worth of free burgers to a local homeless shelter - http://tinyurl.com/4fe9635, b.good family members, we just put some Valentine's love in your inbox. Come see us today and feel the passion that's made when chocolate chips, raspberries, & ice cream (or fro yo) are sipped through a straw., There are 23 people who gave us names for our baby burgers on Wednesday who we can't message on FB to give them their free burger this weekend (they're FB pages are private). So, if you gave us a name & didn't get a message from us, send an email to jon@bgood.com. We'll make sure you don't go hungry today or tomorrow. Thanks., Just a few hours left to vote for our winner. If you do vote, fill in your email address on there so we can invite you in for a free baby burger when we start them on Thursday at Mass Ave & Harvard Square. http://tinyurl.com/4pgcz94, Thanks for all the burger-baby names, guys. We narrowed the field to 5 and now need you to pick the winner. So, please vote today (and when you do, fill in your email so we send you an invite to try a free one on Thursday)., Not sure if we should celebrate or vomit... Chris just ate this 5-pattied Adopted Luke burger in Hingham. (Chris, if you ever see this post, please let us know you're ok.), You guys helped us out on here before & we're hoping you'll do it again today. So, next week, we're testing smaller-sized, smaller-priced baby burgers in Harvard Square & Mass Ave. But, we don't have a good name to print on the menu boards there. Give us a name for the little guys. If we use it, we promise to feed you those babies free for a year. (And even if we don't use it, we promise to give everyone who gives us a name that wasn't already posted a free burger this weekend at Harvard Square or Mass Ave.) SORRY, HARVARD & MASS AVE ONLY., Our proposal got us past round #1. So, this afternoon is round #2. We're interviewing with the City so they can figure out if we're the chosen one who gets to grind steak in this old abandoned bathroom on the Common. (More pics of our dream house here: http://tinyurl.com/476zbh9), This is Ronnie. He's worked for us for years. Model grill-guy (fast, tough, always psyched to be at work). But, his greatest asset may be the hat he wears every night in Harvard Square (oh yes, that's a giant dollar sign in the middle). Anyway, as a tip of the cap to Ronnie, we're giving everyone a free burger who BUYS ONE in Harvard Square tonight from 5-10pm and tells Ronnie they like his cash-money headgear., Spent day with cows (this girl's name is Misty) & dairy farmers (Bruce & Lorie) in Hadley, MA. Made the 2 hour trip west because we're gonna start blending our shakes with ice cream and frozen yogurt from Maple Valley Creamery (http://tinyurl.com/4er4u6r). It's an amazing family-owned dairy farm that makes amazing ice cream. You'll be sipping it through a straw in a few more weeks., vote for the family member worthy of eating free burgers for the next 365 days. help us make the decision & we'll give you a delicious, bean-filled gift today. http://tinyurl.com/4zw48lp, And we're pretty sure Aubree made world history yesterday by being the first human to ever make milkshakes while dressed as a superhero. (Poor Aubree, our catering powerhouse & ice cream truck driver, catered a kid's birthday party and was asked to be The Flash.), Yesterday, Chris from William Sonoma made b.good history by slaying this 6-pattied monster yesterday at Legacy Place., Rain, sleet, snow, & a 2 hour commute to Newton couldn't stop us from grilling a catered lunch today. (Ulry, our ace grill-man, is dare I say... "en fuego".), Last day to tell us why you were our Customer of The Year (deadline is midnight) & to eat free burgers for the next 365 days. http://tinyurl.com/4oqrub6, Long weekend so plenty of time to spend figuring out how to be our Customer of The Year (entry deadline is Monday @ midnight). In our annual tradition, our greatest patron eats free burgers for a year. http://tinyurl.com/4oqrub6, Forgot to remind you guys earlier... $7 burger-fry-shake combo (with newsletter) for our family extended through today because of yesterday's storm. Come celebrate our b-day a day late., The bad news is that we've only had 5 customers so far today at Newbury Street. The good news is that Luiz built this giant snow man out front on the patio., And like we do every year, we're also celebrating our birth by giving one of you FREE BURGERS FOR THE NEXT YEAR of our business' life. Just tell us why you're our "Customer of The Year" here: http://tinyurl.com/4oqrub6, 7 years a7 years ago today, b.good was born. $7 burger-fry-shake combo meals for our family all day long (and tomorrow because of the storm). Read more here: http://tinyurl.com/6552a7t, It takes more than a Nor'easter to stop us from blending our new "seasonal shakes". Coffee milkshakes begin tomorrow no matter how much snow falls. (We're making them with beans roasted by Atomic Coffee Roasters in Beverly.), Homemade 4-bean chili starts up today (topped with sharp, local cheddar & scallions). Come see us for a cup., Perfected our next seasonal milkshake today by figuring out how to cold brew some amazing coffee from Atomic in Salem, MA. Prepare to get your sip on... coffee shakes start Wednesday., Don't think this has ever happened before in the history of burger-deliveries... dropped off a catering order to a regular customer and was handed this as a tip. Thank you, Spencer. You're a beautiful man., b.good family - your holiday gifts are wrapped & ready! come pick yours up asap. and before you get your gift, you can give another family a gift. just donate $1 (or as much as you'd like). then, bring in your receipt today and we'll blend you up a free eggnog shake. info here:  https://www.smallcanbebig.org/family/29901/, Just cleaned Walgreen's out of bows because we wrapping the b.good family's holiday gifts all night tonight. Check your email late morning so you can come by & get our expression of holiday love., Took this pic awhile ago but remembered to post it after we grillled up hundreds of our burgers yesterday for the kids at Westwood High School in their cafeteria. Anyway, the pic is the ingredients label of the government-issued burgers that kids are eating everyday in school cafeterias. If you look close, that title says: "Flamebroiled Beef Patties Made with Apple Sauce - Caramel Color Added". Look below that and you can see about 40 multisyllabic ingredients in those patties. Scary stuff..., This morning, we submitted our proposal for the "Adaptive Reuse of the Men's Comfort Station on the Boston Common". In 8 weeks, the city will tell us if we can fulfill our dream of transforming that little, abandoned bathroom into the "b.good Comfort Station". (Say a little prayer for us.) BTW, more pics here: http://tinyurl.com/232ffze, Luiz & Hunter just decorated their tree on Newbury Street patio with lots of free fry & sweet potato fry ornaments. Come by & pull one off before you walk in for lunch or dinner today. (Also, first one to the tree can grab the burger voucher that's sitting on top like a shining holiday star.), 25 burger-loving musicians have chosen to do battle. Listen to their songs & vote for who should be crowned our 1st Burger Battle of The Bands champion (and who should eat free burgers everyday next semester on Mass Ave). http://tinyurl.com/27wr9wu, Moment of silence for the Smoke Stack... mixed feedback forced it off the menu early. So, today we're bringing back The Monty (and its sharp, local cheddar, homemade pickles & tomato)., Last day to enter our Battle for The Burgers music contest at b.good Mass Ave. And that means it's the last day to take your shot at winning free burgers for next semester. Info here: http://tinyurl.com/22t8sfn, All summer long, my man Ross would sing this whenever I'd walk by on Boylston St. in my b.good t-shirt. Can't believe it took me until this morning to finally get it on video (and to hook him up with some long overdue free burger vouchers for his beautiful lyrics)., Day 2 of our Battle for the Burgers on Mass Ave. With only 12 entries yesterday, free burgers for an entire semester could still be yours - http://tinyurl.com/2dgqpan, Hey Harvard - look for this guy in the yard in 30 minutes. John's coming strong with 50 sliders & a pocketful of free burger & fry vouchers. Find him & his free burgers at 11:30am today., Next Friday, some local musician will win free burgers for a semester at our Mass Ave b.good. Enter our 1st-ever "Burger Battle of The Bands" contest here: http://tinyurl.com/2dgqpan, b.good kinfolk - we just stuffed your email inbox with a free side (fries, sweet potato fries, veggies or butternut squash soup) when you guys buy either our new "Smoke Stack" burger or Chinese Chicken Salad today.

Not kin. Join here: http://bgood.com/family.php, To celebrate 1st day that pumpkin milkshakes are officially on our menu, Harvey & Aubree are parked out in front of Mass Ave blending some free pumpkin love (now til 2pm). As usual over there, shake shots for all. Bigger ones if you buy a burger & stop by our flame-covered, music-playing, old truck., We're starting 4 new "Seasonal Specials" at lunch today -- The Smoke Stack (homemade chips, crispy onions, smoked Gouda, & steak sauce), Chinese Chicken Salad, Homemade Butternut Squash Soup, & Pumpkin Shakes. (BTW, we'll send an email to our family tomorrow to make sure you get in here asap to try our new specials.), Harvey is getting a workout today... Turkey-Trot in Kingston, MA this morning, Harvard-Yale this afternoon, & a tree lighting in Faneuil Hall tonight. If you're anyway near those places today, look for him so you can sip a free local apple-cinnamon shakes., Thanks to Manny (and the special powers of Facebook), we have a great name for a great burger. On Monday, the Smoke Stack (and it's homemade potato chips, crisp onion strings, smoked Gouda & steak sauce) will officially be on our menu as a seasonal special. And Manny will be eating a bunch of them for free. Thanks to everyone who helped us out last week by posting ideas on here., Aubree & Harvey are blending apple-cinnamon shake shots for all across street from b.good Mass Ave. And 12oz-ers for those who buy a burger., Aubree & Harvey are blending up free local apple-cinnamon shakes in Harvard Square through lunchtime. Come sip apple pie a la mode through a straw on the corner of JFK & Brattle., Local chilis are almost done for the season. So, today we tested a new seasonal burger with homemade potato chips, crispy onions, smoked cheddar & steak sauce. Chef Tony thinks it should be called "the steakhouse". We're not sold. So, if anyone out there has a name, post it here. If we use it, we promise to feed you lots of free ones., Harvard Square family members - there's another pumpkin shake in your inbox today. We put it there to make up for yesterday's lunchtime technical difficulties., Attention kinfolk. Your inbox should've just been filled with our Halloween treat. Come on in today to sip pumpkin pie through a straw. (Not family? Join at bgood.com), Harvey & Aubrey will be in front of b.good Mass Ave today (noon-2pm). Free apple shake shots for all. 12oz-ers for anyone who buys a burger & hits the truck afterwards., City let us inside that little, old, abandoned men's bathroom on the Common today. Somewhere between the giant holes in the roof and broken urinals and toilets, we saw our glorious dream house. We just need to write a proposal that convinces the City we're up to the task. (Pics here: http://tinyurl.com/232ffze), Somehow, Aubrey just parked Harvey directly in front of The Garden to blend some free local apple milkshake love before tip-off. If you're heading to the game, hustle over to see us. There's no way the authorities will let us stay there long., Busy weekend for Harvey. Blended local apple shakes last night at Hingham's "Halloween Extravaganza". Today, we're at The Hanover YMCA and then to Head of the Charles. Look for us and sip some free apple pie a la mode through a straw., Aubrey & Harvey are spending lunch today (11:30-2) out in front of b.good Harvard Square. Free local apple-cinnamon shake shots for all. But, free 12oz-ers for everyone who buys a burger & then visits us on our flame-covered truck., Today, Yoshy delivered the 1st of 10 catered tastings that you guys signed up for here yesterday. And while we really appreciate those invites, we're not satisfied. So, if your office orders and you'd be up for having us stop by, post here so we can deliver some house-ground slider-salad-sweet potato love asap., Now that our Downtown baby is running smoothly, it's time to get our catering off the ground there. Anyone work in the financial district whose office orders lunches? If so, post one here so we can deliver a catered "tasting" of some sliders, salads, and sweet potato fries asap., Hey Berklee (& everyone else who'll be near Mass Ave during lunch today). Buy any burger or sandwich at lunch today and get a FREE 12oz local apple-cinnamon milkshake from Harvey out in front of the restaurant. 11:30-2pm today - sorry, Mass Ave b.good only., 1,696 burgers en-route to Brookline's elementary school cafeterias this morning. Every burger served there this year will be local, all-natural and house-ground and hand-packed by us., Crisp autumn day calls for local apple-cinnamon milkshakes. So, Harvey & Aubrey are pulling into Harvard Square to blend some right now. (P.S. We're testing a new text application for people to join our family right at the truck. So, if you're not kin & hit up Harvey, test it out when your sipping apple-pie-a-la-mode through a straw.), And this is what we have now 9 floors above us downtown. The Swiss chard & tomatoes we grow up on the top of this parking garage will be served downstairs in our restaurant come summer., Gonna be really sore tomorrow. We moved our veggie garden from our old Brookline restaurant's roof to the top floor of the parking garage above our downtown b.good. Took this pic when we were done in Brookline., 2,000 burger sliders ground, packed & ready. We're grilling at the finish line at today's BAA Half Marathon. If you're there, stop by our tent., Harvey & Aubrey are loaded with local apples & headed downtown. Broad Street, prepare to sip apple-pie-a-la-mode through a straw in 5 minutes., We know Harvey is taking our Local Apple Milkshakes to the streets today (but, we don't know what streets yet). So, tell us where you want him. We'll visit the first two people to respond on here (as long as they're kind of close to one of our restaurants)., Harvey is in front of Cambridge Innovation Center blending up Future Shakes. Come by before 2:30. We have bacon., This little, old, abandoned bathroom on the Common (a.k.a. our dream house) was just put on the market by City of Boston. Since there couldn't be a better place for us to grind steaks, we're putting everything we've got into our proposal to make this b.good baby #8., Harvey just left CIC headed for 53 State Street. We'll be blending Future Shakes there until 6pm. Come by, taste, & vote., Future Shake has started. Harvey is blending avocado-jalapeño-lime & pumpkin-cinnamon-caramel shakes in front of Cambridge Innovation Center til 4:30. Come by, taste, & vote., This is Doug. He's the guy who just saved our roof-top vegetable garden we had on our Brookline restaurant. Yup, Doug is our downtown landlord and he just agreed to let us use space on the roof of the parking garage above our downtown b.good to grow veggies. We're moving all the soil and baby pools from Brookline over on Monday., Come into Mass Ave today and wish Ty a happy birthday and get any side (real fries, sweet fries, crisp veggies, or local cauliflower) for FREE! (if you get a group together and sing happy birthday there are bonus coupons), And while we didn't think we could ever make a shake better than July's local blueberry, we did. Today, we officially start blending local apple & cinammon shakes. (It tastes just like apple pie a la mode but via a straw.) Come and get em., Big day today for us. Local corn season is done. So, today we're unleashing the local green chili burger (goodbye, Sal Bacado & your spicy corn salsa). And we're bringing back our side of local cauliflower with some melted local cheddar. Come down & see us., We've united forces with @agencyPJA to create the elite shake-making tag-team of future. Check out what we're up to next week & help us out by making the shake Harvey will be serving at FutureM: http://bit.ly/9r0E94, Since we wouldn't really trust anybody but family to take care of Harvey, we're starting our job search here instead of craigslist. So, we need to hire somebody asap to drive Harvey, our flame-covered ice cream truck, for the next couple of months. Must have burning desire to be a professional ice cream man/woman, have a license and have days and weekends free. If that's you or someone you know, email jon@bgood.com., No ordinary family, no ordinary restaurant, no ordinary grill guy marcelo, no ordinary free coupons at mass ave/boylston bus stop, Also, got a few extra contest t-shirts for the first to ask us for one., Our 7th Annual Garlicky-Greens Eating World Championship is at 4pm today in Harvard Square. Disgusting spinach consumption, free burgers (when you buy one), DJ, break dancers & the actual emcee from the Nathan's Hot Dog Contest on Coney Island., Harvey & this shake making quartet are at The Phantom Fest all day today. If you're going, tell the guys you're "family". They have shakes for everybody, but only gifts for kin., Tomorrow, our money is on this 95 pound, vegan, school teaching, b.good family member. http://tinyurl.com/2923rtm, To set the tone for tomorrow's contest, we're bringing back garlicky greens for you
 guys today. Yes, for one day only, we're serving up an old 
favorite, the "b.good burger" (it's got garlicky greens). And we're giving it away free today to family with a purchase. Check it here: http://tinyurl.com/23racw8, Be the spinach eating champion of the world and get our belt & free burgers for a year. Just tell us you've got the gullet at http://tinyurl.com/25ovcwk. We'll pick 8 family members to do battle on Saturday afternoon in Harvard Square., Ty + free coupons + mass ave = hanging up right now, Free burgers and free football (well free burgers if you find these coupons first down at mass ave) make sure to thank Jandira, Kendra just hung up these free coupons just off mass ave on haviland street, hope you get them before the rain does, To get downtown ready for our baby's birth today, we rolled Harvey down to City Hall Plaza (right in front of the Government Center T). Come by from now til 10:30am for a free shake. (And when you come, tell the guys you're "family" and we'll give you a little extra love.), Harvey & this team of highly-trained free shake professionals left b.good Newbury Street 15 minutes ago. First stop is our new baby (somewhere right around 255 Washington). They'll be trolling the Financial District until 3pm. Look for us., Harvey & this team of highly-trained free shake professionals left b.good Newbury Street 15 minutes ago. First stop is our new baby (somewhere right around 255 Washington). They'll be trolling the Financial District until 3pm. Look for us., A little under 24 hours left to win free burgers for life (we'll pick the winner tomorrow after lunch). Let us know why you'll love us like family here: http://tinyurl.com/29zvmaz, Our friend Sydney down at the army barracks on mass ave has free fry coupons for you.....if you ask nicely, The shake guys just called to say somebody just threatened to call the cops. Leaving Washington Street now and headed to Post Office Square. Run, Harvey! Run!, And they won't just be giving out free shakes. Moussa (a.k.a. Chocolate Mousse) has a stack of free burger vouchers burnin a hole in his pocket. Ask him for one when you come by., This professional shake-making tag team, Moussa & Andre, is bringing Harvey downtown now. Should be blending free shakes around 255 Washington Street in 10 minutes., We got our permits. So, now it's official. We give birth on Thirsday. Yes, b.good baby #7 will be unleashed upon downtown Boston in 2 days., It's our first day back cooking in Brookline High's cafeteria. With 500 locally-raised, house-ground burgers, these lunch-ladies are ready., Looks like our 7th baby will be born 1 day past it's due date. New plan is to open this Thursday (& throw a "family"-only pre-party on Wednesday night). Email on Wednesday morning will make it official., Ty will be hanging up free fry coupons along mass ave and near by streets, hopefully you grab them before the rain does, she also has 5 free burger coupons, just ask her nicely for those when you see her, Dimitry, the newest addition to our staff at mass ave, hung these up very very close to the store (hint: walk 5ft to the right of main entrance), If imitation is the most sincere form of flattery, then Harvey says "thank you" UPS., 1,000 burgers ground, packed & ready. Life is Good festival, we're coming for you. If you guys are going, stop by our booth., Claudio hung these coupons half way down belvidere st off mass ave, it truely is a treasure hunt today, And so you & us could know the people who grow the "real" food we serve, we made this little video on our trip out to Hatfield: http://tinyurl.com/33wue4o, Last night, we hand-cut local potatoes (Hatfield, MA). Today, our family is eating them free. Check it here: http://tinyurl.com/39t3mjp, Our friend Ed over at the berklee bookstore has free fry coupons for everyone who makes a purchase (or just ask him), Already wrote about today's farm visit. But, had to make sure we introduced you guys to Frank. He and his family have been running the potato fields of Hatfield for 100 years (seriously, it's their 100 year anniversary this year). Frank didn't just give us a tour, he and his sisters wouldn't let us leave without Swaz Potato Farm t-shirts, cuzzis, and cases of potatoes. They're the kind of people that you want to work with. The kind of people who make you feel proud that you're serving their product. So, we're fired up to be cutting their potatoes and serving them to you guys on Friday., Ty is walking around mass ave with 5 free burger coupons for the first 5 people to find her. Good luck, Spent morning at local farm in Hatfield, MA where we're getting potatoes we'll cut for our fries tomorrow. Friday we're serving up fries cut from local potatoes. (And they'll be free for our family.), Jason, our studly DM, hung these up at the corner of mass ave and boylston, enjoy!, Helio, our salad/shake master, hung these up across from the mass ave store, Andre, our rockin ice cream man, hung these coupons at the mass ave store, its amazing how long these coupons sit there each day, Ty just hung these coupons along the charles river and along mass ave, enjoy!, What better way to get people into our store then to hang up free burger and fry coupons inside the store itself, make sure to thank Tanya as well, 9/1 & our Mass Ave manager, John "Da Bomb", has vowed to post free-burger guerilla-style promos on here every day of September. So, you'll be hearing from Da Bomb early & often., Look out for Kendra hanging up free fry coupons along mass ave, if you see her ask her for a free burger coupon, she has 5 of those., In craziness of Brookline closing, somehow forgot to share the joy that is a healthy, happy baby Harvey. After a 2 week stay, our flame-covered ice cream truck was discharged from the mechanic on Saturday. Thanks for all the thoughts & prayers., Sad morning over here... we officially said good-bye to our Brookline "dream-house" today. All info in the family email we just sent out: http://www.facebook.com/note.php?created&&note_id=424173949301&id=65080785238, If you're in Harvard Square this afternoon, look for these guys and get a free shake. Harvey (our flame-covered ice cream truck) & Mousa (our burger-wearing ice cream man) are taking it to the streets of Cambridge for the next couple of hours., Our favorite rap song of all time (sorry Biggie) - http://tinyurl.com/37yd3sv. More where this came from tonight at Mass Ave's Real Food, Real Hip Hop show., Josh, our 2010 Customer of the Year finalist & the greatest rapper in our fast-food family, is hosting a live hip hop show tonight at b.good Mass Ave. It's Burgers, Real Hip Hop (& our "real" burgers will be half-priced when you mention this). http://tinyurl.com/32bwa6m, OK family, you might just die laughing tonight.  Sorry in advance :) <3 Kristine (Derby Street Shoppes, Hingham), Walls are up. Floor is laid. Booths are being made. Equipment has been ordered. Yes, we're almost ready to give birth to b.good baby #8. If the stars align, we think we'll be officially grinding beef downtown (255 Washington St. next to Pi Alley) on September 9th., The good news coming out of last weekend's Family BBQ is that we got to hand over $1210 in cash with the burger we just delivered to Sidewalk Sam. The bad news is that we only raised $1210. Next year, we're gonna use all the stuff we learned from this event to host a bigger, stronger, faster Family BBQ., The time has come again for you to get your sip on. Local peach shakes start today at lunchtime., The good news coming out of last weekend's Family BBQ is that we got to hand over $1210 in cash with the burger we just delivered to Sidewalk Sam. The bad news is that we only raised $1210. Next year, we using all the stuff we learned from this effort to build a bigger, faster, stronger Family BBQ., The time has come again for you to get your sip on. Local peach shakes start today at lunchtime., Only good thing that happened tonight was sharing this beer with Allen. We were lucky enough to break down in front of Allen and his wife's house in Weymouth. They're the type of peeps who don't just offer to call a tow truck. They sit outside with you, offer you beer and wait with you until the truck comes and they know you're allright. Not sure if you'll ever see this, but thanks guys!, Not a good night for the most dominant ice cream truck in fast-food history. Harvey engulfed himself in smoke and radiator fluid somewhere in East Weymouth (we were on our way to an event in Hingham) and had to be towed to our mechanic. Won't know his fate until tomorrow. (Even though we're certain baby Harvey will pull through, suddenly very nervous about the decision to put a $4,000 paint job on a 28 year-old-truck with 260k miles on the odometer.), Ok, last one about our BBQ. Jason, our DM, who drives around between b.goods all day has a pocketful of free tickets. If you see him, stop him and grab one., On the fence about coming to party with the guys who grind your beef? Maybe this will get you there. http://tinyurl.com/3xk497f, Last day to pre-purchase tickets for our Family BBQ. We hoping you'll come party with us. Lots of local food, beer, music all for a local charity. http://tinyurl.com/24bjkfj, Eat, drink, & dance with us at our annual Family BBQ at SOWA this Sunday. $12 donation gets you PICCO ice cream, Pineland Farms co-op burgers and dogs, Harvey's local peach shakes, Dick's grilled corn, & a Clown Shoes beer. Info & tix here: http://familybbq.eventbrite.com, Our annual Family BBQ is this Sunday in the South End. The idea is to bring together local food, local beer and local music to help out a local charity. $12 gets you local bugers, dogs, veggie burgers, corn, salads, PICCO ice cream, shakes, a Clown Shoes Beer, a day of live music, and live sidewalk art performances. (Kids are free.) Learn more and buy a ticket here: http://familybbq.eventbrite.com/, Corazon de Lion (a.k.a. Ricardo) just picked these 2 dozen from our roof in Brookline. They'll be in our local tomato mozzarella salad for the next couple of days., It's the first day of Andre's new life as a professional ice cream man. Help make sure he's trained & ready by hitting up Harvey for a free shake today. Harvey's stops are as follows: http://tinyurl.com/26x2jrz, Holding our annual Family BBQ nex Sunday in South End (details Monday). We have the local food, local beer & the local charity we're supporting. Now, we need the music. Any local bands out there be up for playing?, It's Andre's first day as a professional ice cream man (Jake "The Shake" moved to L.A. for an film internship). So, to train him right, we're sending him and Harvey out to visit some of you guys today. Tell us where you want them this afternoon. We'll pick 4 or 5 places to blend free mango love., Not sure these streets are gonna be big enough for the 3 of us. First, Ben & Jerry's. Now, the cops!? http://tinyurl.com/2egjxsr. (Again, we want an old school drag race or game of chicken. Loser will have to move to New Hampshire.), Even if you don't want him grinding steak in your house, we think you'll want to watch this http://tinyurl.com/36afpfx (for the record, actually cried from laughing at this video. Manny is our 1st employee ever 
& the only one to ever dance and scream in joy when he cooks a burger to his liking)., Manny wants to grind & grill burgers for you some night this summer. Tell us why you want him at your house. http://tinyurl.com/2uahx96, Wander, our green-thumbed grill-guy, just picked the first tomatoes of the season from our roof-top garden in Brookline. (About a dozen were ready this morning... we think we'll get about 20-30 a week for the next month.), and if free grilled local corn isn't enough to get ya here today, we're 
also busting out The Sal Bacado burger (homemade corn salsa + bacon + 
avocado) and a local tomato mozzarella salad, our family eats free grilled local corn today with purchase & with 
this: 
http://tinyurl.com/25cf529. (kinfolk also get chance to get Manny up in 
their house & to read about lots of other good stuff.), Jake "The Shake" just checked in from downtown (& sent this picture). We've found the heavily favored, media-darling that is the Ben & Jerry's ice cream truck. Harvey's nervous, but he won't back down. Come see us and sip a free shake on the corner of State & Merchant's Row (Fanueil Hall)., Sal Bacado won't be the only new addition on Thursday. That's because grilled local corn will be back where it belongs in 2 days. We love those buttery corn babies so much we actually made this little video tribute to it last summer http://tinyurl.com/lrlrzj, It's official. Taking 52% of the votes, The Sal Bacado (and its local corn salsa, bacon & avocado) will be welcomed to our menu on Thursday. And this man -- http://tinyurl.com/2c79ywj -- will be eating quite a few on us. Thanks everyone for helping us out., Thanks for all the entries, guys. Now we need you to choose the burger-name we send to the sign guys. (Need this by noon. So, please vote soon.), Starting new special burger/sandwich on Thursday (local corn
 salsa, avocado & bacon) but all our names for it are really stupid. Sign company needs name tonight to print menu panels. So, 
help us out this morning. Give us a name. We'll return the favor 
to the winner with lots of free ones., Looks like Ben & Jerry's wants a piece of 
Harvey. We should play chicken on the Mass Ave bridge to see who gets to stay in this town. http://tinyurl.com/2g89hr3, Got our 1st ripe tomato of the summer on b.good Brookline's roof-top garden. We'll be topping our burgers out there with them in 2 weeks., Marcello helping Dana show off these buy one get one free coupons (mass ave only sorry), Look for them, and Dana hanging them up, around mass ave and berkley, call us crazy but mass ave is open until 11:00pm now monday through saturday, harvey + mass ave = free shakes and free coupons, until 1pm, local band playing at local mass ave upstairs lounge, kicks off at 7pm, half price burgers/sandwiches for fans, Harvey (and how he fulfilled the weird dream of a 
34 year-old-man) got some nice ink in yesterday's Boston Globe: http://b.globe.com/9BP1eq, Jake "The Shake" is driving (and I'm riding shotgun on a wooden box). Harvey will be making his presence felt in Dedham at 2pm. If you're anywhere near Legacy Place, come by for a visit and a free mango shake., look out for dana around mass ave hanging up free fry vouchers, she also has 4 free burger vouchers for the first 4 people....look for a purple shirt, blonde hair and cowboy boots, Prepare to get your sip on. Local blueberry shakes start today., Harvey has a lot of ground to cover today. He's visiting a bunch of the people who posted here yesterday. Here's where & when he'll be blending free mangos today: http://tinyurl.com/23cyjk3, Harvey's visiting the first couple of folks who replied. So, our flame-covered, shake-making monster truck is blending free strawberry banana shakes today at the following spots: Noon @ b.good Mass Ave, 1:30 @ 855 Boylston Street, & 2:30 @ 230 Western Ave (Allston). And we'll stick around for about 30 minutes at each place., Short notice but Harvey & Jake are looking for a couple of spots to park themselves this afternoon. So, let us know if you'd like a flame-covered ice cream truck blending free shakes in front of your office today. (We'll post the locations in a couple of hours.), The b.good family members at Green City Growers just finished building all the trellises on our roof-top garden in Brookline. We should be serving those tomatoes on our burgers in 3 weeks., Starting up local zucchini & spring onions today as our new seasonal veggie. (As modeled by Manny, our stud-muffin of a grill-man in Harvard Square.), Had honor or meeting burger warrior & personal hero yesterday. Heard that guy named "Kogos" ate 6-pattied Monty burger last weekend in Harvard Square (our guys even got this action shot.) Fate brought us together yesterday when he stopped back in for lunch in the square. Anyone dare challenge the mighty Kogos?, twiter/facebook thursdays return, free burger and fry vouchers at this popular hangout at the corner of mass ave and boylston, Thanks to responses on here & twitter, Harvey has a big day of shake blending lined up. 11am @ BU, noon @ 500 Harrison Ave, 1pm @ One Summer Street, 2:30 @ Kendall Square, & 4pm @ Boston Symphony Orchestra. If your office is around any of those spots, come by and sip a free raspberry shake this afternoon., Watch out for Dana hanging up free fry vouchers along Mass Ave and Boylston st (hynes t stop as well), Jazz and Burgers going on right now at the upsairs lounge at Mass Ave store, half price burgers/sandwiches for listeners, 6 - 7:30pm, Harvey & Jake "The Shake" are blending free shake love in front of Mass Ave b.good (now til 1pm). Then, downtown (corner of Exchange & Kilby) at 3pm. And Jake's looking for places to bring Harvey on Wednesday. So, if you'd like a flame-covered ice cream truck parked in front of your office, let us know and we'll come see you Wednesday., i will let you guess which mass ave upstairs lounge these free burger and fry vouchers are at, GO USA!!!!!, Officially opening 7th baby b.good tomorrow. So, partying with our family tonight in Hingham. Free burgers, fries & shakes (made by Harvey) tonight at Derby Street from 6-8pm. Details here: http://tinyurl.com/253jdll, 6 hours left to be our cousin & eat free burgers for rest of your days in Hingham. tell us why you've got love for us at http://tinyurl.com/2c37cmq, need some art to hang in our new Hingham restaurant. but don't have much time since the grand opening is wednesday night. if you're an artist or know any, please let us know. we appreciate the help., Work or live in Hingham (or know anybody who does)? We want to bring 
Harvey (our ice cream truck) to your office, school, house, soccer game,
 etc. & blend free shakes for you asap. (And we'll bring plenty of 
vouchers for free burger love for you to use when we open in Hingham 
this week.) Our grand opening is just days away and we need to get out 
& meet people. Please post here if you'll have us., Just a few days left to be our cousin & eat free burgers for life in Hingham. There are so few entries right now, this is disturbingly easy to win. tell us why here you'll love us like family in our new 'hood here: http://tinyurl.com/2c37cmq, Harvey & Jake, our resident ice cream man, just rolled into Harvard Sq to make Travis' secret shake. They'll be blending free ones from 2-5pm alongside a live DJ., And while you're there, pull a free burger off Harvey's front bumper., It's Jake's 1st day as an ice cream man. He & Harvey are blending free shakes on corners of Newbury & Fairfield til 1:30. Come on down., Heading downtown with Harvey. Meet us at 255 Washington Street for free shakes. Pulling in now., If you want to meet our new baby, Harvey, in person, he's blending free shakes in front of Mass Ave b.good from now til 1pm. Then, he's on a tour of the city with a Boston Globe reporter who wants to write a story on him. We'll keep you posted on where we'll be this afternoon., Officially welcoming Harvey into the family today with free 
strawberry-banana shakes. Come see us today. Details here: http://tinyurl.com/28udw6p, Our cashier, Evan, just picked some of our roof-grown chard. We're serving it up with a little garlic & oil for free in Brookline. We grew lots. So, should have enough for a few days. Come get some., We're harvesting the Swiss chard on our roof tomorrow morning. And we'll be serving it up free in Brookline while it lasts. (To make sure they got to see the chard before we picked it, this bunch of brave, agile Brookline 4tb graders got up on our roof an hour ago.), These guys visited every b.good today to meet the guys who grind the beef they raise. Steve & Ruthie's farm is in North Granby, CT., Manny, Murph & I are spending the morning grilling locally-raised, house ground beef for the Hingham's young minds. We've got 500 burgers for the kids at Hingham Middle School., Hunter down at newbury st is a huge celtics fan, so tonight before the game come in and buy any burger/salad and get a free side (newbury st only), supporting local beef and local heros, all world cup games shown at the mass ave store all month long, GO USA!!!!!, Harvey is born! Yes, the greatest street-marketing-vehicle in fast food history was born today at 2pm. (We'll officially announce him to the family. But, The Boston Globe wanted to ride along on her maiden voyage and today was the day they picked.) We'll be down in front of 255 Washington Street (Downtown Crossing) from 4-5pm today giving away free mango shakes. Come see Harvey in action!, the Army Barracks store on mass ave have free burger and fry coupons for you.....if your the first to go and see them.....p.s. ask for richie, Harvey, La Trucksta, or The Flaming Jackson? Just a couple hours left to vote for the name of our beautiful, 28-year-old ice cream truck. http://tinyurl.com/28aryqq, Just handed our nameless baby over to this guy. He's my mechanical genius of an uncle who's rigging up the electrical stuff for the car-battery-powered blender and outdoor stereo. On Monday, we'll take her to be pimped by our sign guys. And Thursday, we'll unleash the greatest street marketing vehicle in fast-food history upon Boston., With this new paint-job, our nameless baby has just taken another step closer to fast-food greatness. (Now, all she needs is flames, logos, a customer's face, and -- of course-- a name.), after you name our new baby, come sip a free mango shake today (with 
purchase) with this link http://tinyurl.com/39codgb, Name our ice cream truck. Win free shakes for the summer (and get a 
giant picture of your face permanently stuck on the side of our weird, 
flame-covered ass-kicker). http://tinyurl.com/2vpf9mg, Erica, our new catering manager, is looking to meet new folks. So, if your office orders lunches & you'd be up for a free catered "tasting", comment here or just send an email to catering@bgood.com. We'll bring sliders (baby burgers), salads & fries for 10 over asap. We promise, there are no strings attached., Just dropped off our giant, yellow shake-makin' baby at Maaco for a shiny, new black paint-job. After she's ready on Friday, all we'll need is to cover her in flames, b.good logos, and the face of the family member who names her. Contest to name our ice cream truck starts tomorrow!, Looking like we're only a week out from serving the Swiss chard that's on our roof in Brookline. We'll check back when we harvest it since we'll be serving it up free in Brookline when we do., It must be our manifest destiny to be ice-cream-men this summer. Somehow we actually just passed inspection. I am speechless. I have no idea how this just happened. It barely runs, nothing works right, the front door won't open, and it only goes 40 mph. But, she's beautiful. And now she's legal., She only goes 40 mph but rolling down 93 South this morning en route to our inspection., The pursuit of the dream continues... have to get old girl out on the highway for the first time this morning because going to try to do the impossible -- get  an inspection sticker this morning. It's gonna take a miracle so say a little prayer for us., It's not Wednesday. So not sure why he just did this. But, Andrew stuck this free burger love at the corner of St. Germaine & Mass Ave., Jake "Da Snake" just hung this free burger love on flagpole at Christian Science Center., Wednesday is the day we hide steak & potatoes. So, Camila just hung these freebies in front of Newbury St. Got get some lunch., King Louie, Andrew & Jake are blending free strawberry-banana shakes now til 1pm on corner of Mass Ave & Boylston. (And they've got a pocketful of free burger vouchers for anyone who can tell them the location of all our restaurant babies.), Just few hours left to win a free night (for you & 
a guest) on a local farm that supplies us with our beef. Tell us why u want it: http://tinyurl.com/22obr6w, Win a free night (for you & a guest) on a local farm that supplies us with our beef. Tell us why you want it: http://tinyurl.com/22obr6w, Since you probably won't see our roof-top garden (unless you're up for climbing a rickety ladder and scaling a wall), we made this video so you could - http://tinyurl.com/25et3pq, Free strawberry-local rhubarb shakes or grilled zucchini (w/ purchase)
 for our family all day long today. Just bring this with you or show it to us on phone: http://tinyurl.com/27gkteg, What started out as a beautiful dream has just become reality. Yup, the passing of the title makes it official -- we now own a busted-up, yellow ice cream truck. And it's all because of this b.good family member who traded it to us today for free food for life and $1,500., Last day for The Guacho Burger & Portobello Goat Cheese Salad. (Tomorrow, we introduce some new seasonal specials.) So, Camila at Newbury Street wants to say good-bye with a promo. All day today, if you buy one Guacho or Portobello Salad, she'll give you another one free. (Sorry, Newbury Street ONLY!), Mechanical geniuses, Stevie & Jimmy, just installed a new starter, took her out for a test-drive, and gave us their blessing. We are now officially ready to purchase our coveted baby -- a giant yellow ice cream truck with 280K miles on the odometer. Deal goes down tomorrow. Dream is almost reality., don't think that pic of our baby being towed loaded so here you go: http://tinyurl.com/23ufwou, The dream continues... last night, we had our sweet, yellow baby towed to our mechanic so he can determine her fate. (We have no idea if she'll ever start again, but we do know she'll always be beautiful.) We'll know our destiny by end of day., Major breakthrough today in the pursuit of our dream to drive around in an ice cream truck all summer and pass out free shakes. Couldn't make this up... a b.good family member has actually offered to trade this giant, yellow, broken-down ice cream truck for free food for life (that, and $1,500). Just need to get it checked out by a mechanic on Monday. The dream is alive., Oh and just in case anyone out there shares our dream. Go to Chelsea and find this guy named Hiney. (He was sleeping in his station wagon when I located him.) Apparently, he's the linchpin of MA's ice cream trucks. For the record, I love this guy., Today, Chelsea's used-car lots told us that one of our coveted sweet babies cost at least $10K. (We have $2K.) Dream is not dead. This is just gonna take a little longer than we thought., Wednesday is the day we like to hide steaks. So, Ellio just hung these free burger vouchers to this sign on Mass Ave & Boylston. Go getcha some free lunch., When we were little, we dreamed this day would come. Yes, today, we're buying an old, used ice cream truck that we're gonna turn into the greatest street marketing vehicle in fast-food history. Will send pics later today. (There are 2 beautiful babies out in Chelsea waiting for me to test drive.), Gabriela, Fran & King Louie (our flame covered, 3-wheeled shake cart) are blending free strawberry-banana shakes in front of the Back Bay T Station right now. (Now til 5pm.) Come by and say hi. And when you do, ask Gabriela for a free burger. (She has 5 vouchers in her pocket.), Hung these signs today to officially announce that we're making our presence felt on the South Shore this Summer. b.good baby #7 will be born next month in Hingham's Derby Street Shops. (It's gonna be a crazy Summef for us.), Hear us telling our story, talking brands and social media with the good peeps of PJA here:  http://bit.ly/8A4uPH, Near Harvard Square b.good? Come by tonight at 5:15 and watch these Citizen Schoolers present us with the burger they designed as part of the class we co-taught. FREE shakes for anyone who gets here by 5:15ish., not sure why that pic didn't load... but in case you need help finding our burger vouchers today on Mass Ave, here's the link http://tinyurl.com/2wad7oo, Later than we usually do this on Wednesdays, but John's neice (John's our Mass Ave manager) just stuck this free burger love at the bus stop on corner of Mass Ave & Boylston. Go getcha some dinner., This shake making trio has your free mango shakes in the Square. (Also, that human sized sweet potato has a pocket full of free vouchers.) Come by before 5pm., King Louie (our 3-wheeled shake cart) & Ulry (a.k.a. "Ching Chong") are out making free mango shakes in Harvard Square (right near Mass Ave T). We'll be there til 5. (Should be easy to find them... look for human sweet potato fry & listen for our soundtrack of songs with the word "shake" in the lyrics.), And just in case we have kin down there already, I just stuck a bunch of free burger love to the front window., Hung signs. Now it's official. Baby #7 will be grinding steak downtown (255 Washington St.) by mid-Summer., Oh yes, sunshine. Our baby Swiss chard on b.good Brookline's roof has missed you., To resurrect our Wednesday tradition of hiding meat, John just stuck these free burger & fry vouchers to a street pole on Mass Ave. Go get yourself a free lunch., He may know computers & philanthropy, but he doesn't know shit about burgers. http://tinyurl.com/26xpoof, Burgerman Victory Party tonight in Harvard Square! We're discounting all our burgers & donating 100% of proceeds to Citizen Schools. Info here http://tinyurl.com/y6jxyw4, Rap song dedicated to our insane b.good family member running 26.2 in burger suit today. (Check the moves on our dancing grill guys, Manny & Ulry.) http://tinyurl.com/y5jubwt, free burgers, live rap, and the gratitude of Citizen School students for anyone who joins us on the streets of Cambridge this morning. http://tinyurl.com/y84a4pr, Trying not to beat a dead horse, but we really could use your support tomorrow. Short run (2 miles), great cause, free burgers. All the info is here. Come rain or shine, we're runnin'. http://tinyurl.com/y84a4pr, Really, really need you tomorrow at 11am in Harvard Square for Burgerman's last training run before the marathon. If the free burgers for anybody who runs with us won't get you to the square tomorrow morning, maybe this ridiculous video of him racing the green line through Kenmore will. http://tinyurl.com/y6fjkjv, Big day for Burgerman. The b.good family member running 26.2 in a burger suit for Citizen Schools had pics in today's Globe & Metro. But bigger night because he's hosting "Burger Jam" fundraiser at Western Front in Cambridge. Come by for live music & free burgers. Starts tonight at 9., Up on our roof at b.good Brookline with Green City Growers. We're planting Swiss chard today. Then, tomatoes in July. Just like last summer, hoping to serve them downstairs when they're ready., Larry Legend in front of b.good Mass Ave. (Sidewalk Sam couldn't quite finish so coming back tomorrow.), Sidewalk Sam is painting out front of our Mass Ave baby all day. So, we're selling fries for $1 and shakes for $2 while he's here. All the proceeds go to Sidewalk's foundation., Sidewalk Sam is here painting a mural in front of our Mass Ave baby. While he's here, we're selling fries for $1 and shakes for $2. 100% of proceeds goes to Sidewalk's charity., null, null, Besides free fries, we're also giving out this CD compilation of 10 amazing Berklee artists to everyone who comes to see our new Mass Ave baby on its 1st day of life., Along with new baby, we're welcoming this new "cousin" to our family. See why this guy will never ever pay for burgers again http://tinyurl.com/y5gzsa9., Opening on Mass Ave in 1 hour. If you can come, print this note (or show it to us on your phone) http://tinyurl.com/y47qhhf. We'll give you free hand-cut fries or sweet potato fries for coming to see our new baby on its first day of life., Oh no. Rain tomorrow. There's nothing scarier than thinking nobody will come see you on your first day. So, please don't let the rain stop you from checking out our beautiful, new baby on Mass Ave. tomorrow., It's after midnight. So, our Mass Ave "cousin" contest is officially over. Tomorrow, we'll introduce the man who'll eat free burgers for the rest of his days. And we'll show you the hilarious YouTube video (and the disturbing dance moves) that made him our most beloved kin., A quick FRY photoshoot in front of our Mass Ave baby., Mass Ave baby is born tomorrow. So, our fry guys & King Louie are rolling around our new neighborhood making free mango shakes. We'll be out there until 5 tonight., Mass Ave baby is born tomorrow. So, our fry guys & King Louie are rolling around our new neighborhood making free mango shakes. We'll be out there until 5 tonight., Just ~36 hours left to spend the rest of your life eating FREE locally-raised, house-ground burgers. Tell us why you'll be our "cousin" on Mass Ave (and tell us before midnight tomorrow) http://tinyurl.com/yl92c82, 2 insane b.good kinfolk (a.k.a. Burgerman's "Homefries") have agreed to run 26.2 miles in these suits to raise money for Citizen Schools (as modeled here by my Dad & I yesterday)., Just hung this sign to make it official. Our beautiful, Mass Ave baby is coming in 4 days!, Today, we start locally-raised beef burgers at Brookline High School. (We cook burgers there every Tuesday.) Even though just 1 town, it's a monster change in kids' school lunches., Local beef is here! It's one of the greatest days we've ever had in this business. Hopefully, you can come by today and show your suppor. http://tinyurl.com/yhxl84k, Tonight, b.good family members & graffiti artists started murals at our new Mass Ave baby. Like good kin, they're working for burgers. Only 2 more weeks til we're open!, Spent the morning up in New Gloucester, Maine leaning about local farms & hanging with these guys. We'll be grinding local beef from family farms in 9 days!, Historic day for us. Just signed contract to source all our beef from local, family farms that are a part of this co-op of 104 farms.  If things go as planned, we'll be grinding local steak a week from Monday., Taking it to the streets with our class of 6th graders at Citizen Schools. If you're anywhere near Bunker Hill T, come by for a free slider (& take a survey)., Today, we're blending free St. Patty's shakes for our family (w/ purchase of burger, sandwich or salad). Jimmy's not Irish, but he does have lots of fresh mint & chocolate chips ready for when you get here., Signs are up on Mass Ave. The dream is a March 31 start. Openings never happen on time, but this one feels different. Maybe we can pull it off in the next 3 weeks., Week #4 in Burgerman's quest for glory. Come out this morning, run with a guy in a giant burger suit, and eat a free burger. (This week's special guests include Boston social media moguls, a Harvard a capella group, and a state rep candidate. Sounds like Fox News may show up too.) http://tinyurl.com/yzqfdz2, 33 of our most loyal, burger-loving family members are chasing Burgerman through the streets of Cambridge right now., Run with Burgerman this morning. Eat a free burger. http://tinyurl.com/ydsrkp3, Celebrating Hunter's (our long-time cashier turned grill-guy) 1st day grinding beef. Come by Newbury Street b.good before 4pm and get any side for free when you buy a burger. (Sorry, Newbury only.), Burgerman & 30 of our most loyal kinfolk have taken it to the streets of Cambridge., free shakes for kinfolk this weekend. gotta be family to get a dark-chocolate, raspberry shake. And have to buy a burger, sandwich or salad., Free valentine's shakes in Harvard Square tonight from 10-11pm to support 'Burgerman' and Boston kids. Check out info here and make sure you watch the video. http://tinyurl.com/y8fprve, On roof of b.good Harvard Square. Sounds like our landlord (Harvard University) may be up for letting us grow some veggies up here this spring., Day #1 of testing new burger pattying technique at b.good Dartmouth Street. We need feedback. So, giving away free ones today from 4-5pm. (Sorry, Dartmouth Street only.), 2.5 hours left to elect for our Customer of The Year. (Evil computer hackers forced a re-vote). Vote and get a never-before-on-our-menu gift today. But, vote soon. The election and our gifts end at 5pm tonight. http://tinyurl.com/y8ph824, Just found these notes all over our Dartmouth Street restaurant. Aimee (the board-game maker) is going with guerilla tactics to win free burgers for a year. Voting ends tonight at midnight., In shocking turn of events, the rap song has passed the board-game in our Customer of The Year voting. If you haven't cast your ballot, there's 1 day left http://tinyurl.com/yfxvjaz, A rap-song, a pillow, a flag, or a board-game? Vote for our Customer of The Year (and get a suprise gift for helping us decide who should get free burgers for the next year). http://tinyurl.com/yfxvjaz, very soon, one of our kinfolk will be spending 365 days in free burger paradise. if you want it to be you, tell us why you are our Customer of The Year. http://tinyurl.com/yzc8cb8, 6 years ago today, we sold our 1st burger at Dartmouth Street. So, to celebrate our 6th birthday today, we're serving our kinfolk a burger (or sandwich), fries (reg or sweet) & a shake for $6. If you're not family, but want to come to our party, join here http://tinyurl.com/kqnwtl, If any of our kinfolk didn't get our holiday gift (and want one), drop us back one here. Charlie, our printer, made us a whole bunch of extras for free as his holiday gift to us. And they're doing no good sitting in the back of my van., Sliders at work? We'll bring 'em to you hot, tasty, & free. If your office or school orders catering and you're up for a free "tasting", let us know here., Celebrating b.good holiday + Marco going away party tonight. Farewell sweet Marco. There's no way there could ever be another delivery guy like you., Old-school sneaker company, KangaROOS, hooked up team b.good (all 63 of us) with holiday kicks. And they gave us 10 more to give to our family. If you want a pair of ROOS this holiday season, tell us at http://tinyurl.com/mh4t3g, Holiday gifts for our family are wrapped and ready right now. Come see us any time today so you can feel our holiday love for kin., Just bought 900 stick-on bows for the holiday gifts we're giving our b.good family tomorrow. Kinfolk, get ready to feel our holiday love., Our buddies at ROOS just sent over new kicks again for everyone on team b.good (all 63 of us). Wearing my shiney, new ones today. (ROOS also gave us 10 pairs for our family. We'll hold a contest on Friday to figure out which of our kinfolk will be getting ROOS this holiday season.), Roasted squash on burgers (or veggie, turkey, or chicken)? Try our customer-created 'Leaf Pile' anytime today for $4.99, null, null, Thanks to this burger-creating-genius of a b.good family member http://tinyurl.com/y8a4y55,
we have a new special, family burger today. We're grilling up the Leaf Pile (with cheddar, apple chutney, and roasted butternut squash) for just $4.99. Since we'll only have it on
Monday & Tuesdays, come by today or tomorrow. And since it's not on the menu or on signs, you've got to ask for it when you get here., Blending free mango shakes in Harvard Square with DJ (and the guy who makes all our weird b.good videos) Julian. Sliders coming at 1am., Getting ready for tonight's late-night craziness in Harvard Square. We're blending free shakes from midnight to 1am. Then, grilling free sliders from 1-2am. (And we're getting a DJ so we can dance while we're grilling.), Our family has eaten its last 'Heracles'. So now, we need you guys to tell us which customer-created burger we should serve up next week. Vote for your favorite here http://tinyurl.com/yhvfzyy, That last pic was proof that we're actually in the square with free sliders, null, If you're in Harvard Square, stop by and see Celas & I. We set up a grill in the middle of the square and are giving away free sliders from 5-6 pm (we're right in front of crema cafe), I gave away 3 shakes and a cousin oliver (w/secret sauce) burger today at Dedham!  If you haven't already, get your butts over to bgood.com and sign up for the family.  Then bust out your Iphone/pod and get the STAMP app.  Free gift just for signing up!, Last week for customer-created burger named 'Heracles' (topped with homemade tzatziki & feta). Come get one today or tomorrow with fries (regular or sweet) and a drink for just $7., Busting out our November classic... Maple Apple Turkey Burger with bacon, homemade maple glaze, apples, & caramelized onion starts right now. Today, family members who buy one, eat their fries or sweet potato fries for free. Not kin, feel our love here http://tinyurl.com/kqnwtl, We've got lots of stuff to be thankful for. But today, we're most thankful for this guy http://tinyurl.com/yz22xdo. We'll miss you, buddy., Customer-created burger named Heracles that's topped with homemade tzatziki & feta makes it's comeback today. Eat it with fries (regular or sweet) & a drink for just $7. Come soon since it's only here on Monday & Tuesdays., Thanks to this burger-creating-genius of a b.good family member http://tinyurl.com/yct7fby, we have a deal for our kin today. Yes, we're giving our family the Heracles burger (with homemade tzatziki & feta), fries (or sweet potato fries), and a drink for just $7. Since we'll only have it on Monday & Tuesdays, you've got to come today. And since it's not on the menu or on signs, you've got to ask for it when you get here., And can't forget to thank Benjamin Goodley, the selfless (and only) b.good family member in Alabama. http://tinyurl.com/yao8ala, thank you weekly dig readers... it's a privilege & an honor (especially, since we're dig readers) http://tinyurl.com/ydg5e7s, Next week, we start a "family-only" deal on Monday & Tuesdays. (It won't be on the menu and there won't be signs.) But, before we do, we need you to vote on the customer-created burger we should serve. So, vote for the one you like best here http://tinyurl.com/yhvfzyy and then come see us on Monday when we're serving the winning burger with fries (or sweet potato fries) & a drink for just $7., Sorry for this test. Just linked FB to twitter and want to make sure it works., Hey everyone, tomorrow is Veteran's Day!  Show the special veteran in your life how much you appreciate them with a yummy burger, REAL fries and shake!, Last call on this one (we're picking finalists tomorrow morning)... 
We
need customers to design burgers for specially-priced, b.good-family-only
deal that we're running for the next couple of months. If we use the
beautiful burger your create, you'll eat it free. Give us yours here http://tinyurl.com/yhmcxa6, The Globe wrote nice stuff about our iPhone app on Friday http://tinyurl.com/yjoad5s. If you'd like lots of our love, it's waiting for you at the App Store., We need you to design burgers for specially-priced, b.good-family-only deal that we're running for the next couple of months. If we use the beautiful burger your create, you'll eat it free. Give us yours here http://tinyurl.com/yhmcxa6, Real, live people. 
That's who makes our food everyday. And in fast-food now-a-days, that's a very strange thing. (Science and technology have tried to exterminate us humans.)
But, we've always like humans. That's why we and other humans like us grind and hand-pack our burgers and hand-cut our fries everyday.)