List(5 weeks., null, null, May 7, 1994 - Raptor debuts at Cedar Point. #tbt, CoasterMania tickets are now on sale! Tickets are limited for this year’s event and are sold on a first-come, first-served basis. There are NO refunds. Click the link for all the details and requirements and to buy your ticket., CoasterMania tickets go on sale tomorrow at 3:00 p.m. EDT. Tickets are limited for this year’s event and are sold on a first-come, first-served basis., Changes are coming to the Glass Blowing Amphitheater this summer, including the chance to try glass blowing yourself., Coming in 2017 - Sports Force Parks at Cedar Point Sports Center, a partnership between Cedar Fair, Lake Erie Shores & Islands, Erie County, and The Sports Force., “Mini pull-through. #BuildingValravn”, null, Discover Ohio has started airing its new TV commercial, which includes some familiar sites from the state's Roller Coast. The 30-second spots will air in markets across Ohio, as well as in Pittsburgh and Detroit., Get all the details on the Ride Warriors Club and find out how to purchase your 2016 membership., null, It looks like the network issues with our cloud provider have been resolved, and PointBuzz is back on the air. Thank you for your patience!, Looks like we're having some network issues with our cloud service. Hang tight!, null, null, The installation of Valravn's lift chain., 100 reasons to get a Cedar Point season pass. What's your favorite reason? #cp100reasons, “There was a purple in there because there’s no purple (in the park). Green was popular, but then Raptor is green and right beside it. You want it to mix in with the other rides, but you want it to have it’s own unique personality and stand out.”, null, Cedar Point's award winning Live Entertainment Department is auditioning talented entertainers and technicians this Friday, March 11 at Cedar Point from 10am-3pm., Watch the Periscope replay from this afternoon as Tony, Karrah, and Jordan climb the spiral metal staircase to Valravn's brake run. A windy day at Cedar Point., null, null, "We’re working on something very special for the queue line that’s never been done at Cedar Point before.", null, null, The final track segment was installed on Valravn earlier today., null, Bird's eye view of Valravn. Photos courtesy Cedar Point., null, null, No need to 'restrain' yourself! Rush over to read the latest edition of #AskRideMan where you'll learn everything you ever wanted to know about roller coaster restraints., Visit www.akidagain.org/tipthehat & Help A Kid Again win $125,000!, null, null, Additional details on the Ride Warriors Club, Sunrise Thrills VIP Tour, and some of the other changes for 2016 at Cedar Point., null, null, Winter Chill Out live blog. Follow along at http://live.pointbuzz.com, Winter Chill Out live blog. Follow along at http://live.pointbuzz.com, null, The renovation of the historic Hotel Breakers was a significant contributor to Cedar Fair's increase in out-of-park revenues., null, null, null, null, Hard to believe it's already been 10 years since construction started on Maverick at Cedar Point. This album contains photos highlighting the construction from 2006 and 2007.  #tbt, The sun is out and it's nearly 60º at Cedar Point. If only it wasn't February 3., null, null, Are you ready to challenge Snake River Falls? #tbt, null, null, null, null, Cedar Point GM Jason McClure talks to WKYC Channel 3 - Cleveland about Valravn's theme., null, null, Aerial view of Mean Streak under construction at Cedar Point, January 19, 1991. #tbt, null, null, "The world's second-tallest inversion is now in place! #Immelmann #BuildingValravn " @TonyClarkCP, Cedar Point has confirmed that Chick-fil-A will not be returning when the park opens in May., FunPix - coming to Cedar Point this summer., Looking back a few years to when Demon Drop greeted guests at the front of Cedar Point. #tbt, null, TV Alert! ABC Nightline is set to run a segment tonight on the Face Your Fear project at Cedar Point. Over the last six years, Dr. Kevin Meyer's program has helped 77 Mount Union students conquer their fear of roller coasters, with a 100% success rate! Nightline airs on your local ABC affiliate at 12:35 AM EST/PST, 11:35 PM CST., Philanthropist and Sandusky legend George Mylander, 83, died Jan. 3 in Sandusky following an illness. You would not likely find anyone who cared more about the Sandusky community than Mylander. He spent 27 as a teacher and administrator for Sandusky City Schools and served 16 years as city commissioner, six of those years as ex-officio mayor. In 1987, the US Army veteran formed The Mylander Foundation. Over the course of his life, he donated millions to benefit the community, including $1 million to Sandusky to assist downtown waterfront development., Learn more about how the construction team assembled the lift hill on Valravn., Did you enter to win a Cedar Point calendar? Check the list to find out if you're a winner!, null, Valravn's holding brake is in place., ICYMI - Tickets are now on sale for Winter Chill Out on February 20 at Cedar Point! You'll enjoy a walking tour of Cedar Point and a behind-the-scenes look at the park's off-season operations. Cost is $50 with all proceeds going to A Kid Again. #WinterChillOut, "At night the sign was brightly lit, and the colorful lights reminded you of Cedar Point's bustling Midway rides." #tbt, Tickets are now on sale for Winter Chill Out on February 20 at Cedar Point!  You'll enjoy a walking tour of Cedar Point and a behind-the-scenes look at the park's off-season operations. Cost is $50 with all proceeds going to A Kid Again. #WinterChillOut, null, null, null, Aerial view of Cedar Point, December 30, 1985. #tbt, A familiar peninsula in Ohio makes this list of best places in America to visit for adventure seekers., null, Time to take a few minutes for a ride on Paddlewheel Excursions. #tbt, Photos from today's Valravn topping, courtesy Cedar Point., Today crews erected the highest piece of Valravn – the top section of the ride’s massive lift hill. Weighing in at 95,000 pounds, the piece was secured to the existing lift structure. Video courtesy Cedar Point., One more piece, then nowhere to go but down., null, null, null, Getting closer to the top ..., If you have voted yet, make sure you visit the link below to help us select the top Cedar Point news stories of 2015., Expect VR to be used to boost ridership on coasters that aren’t running at full capacity., Help us select the top Cedar Point news stories of 2015!, null, Valravn's Project Manager Adam Pooch gives an update on the coaster's construction., null, Tony gives us updates on Winter Chill Out, Opening Weekend, and more., Even with the noisy webcam image, Raptor's new lift hill lighting looks pretty sharp., Remembering when turkeys roamed the Cedar Point midways. #tbt, null, null, null, null, At least it's the off-season. :), Television news highlights from Millennium Force Media Day, May 11, 2000. #tbt, How is Valravn construction progressing? Find out in Episode 1 of Valravn Minute., null, Cedar Point is offering a fantastic Cyber Monday pre-sale for a limited time. Buy online and get one-day admission AND Fast Lane Plus for only $70 + tax/fees. Tickets are valid any one operating day in 2016 through Labor Day, excluding Saturdays. Act now - tickets available online only from Nov. 17 - Nov. 19!, null, The bottom of Valravn's first drop is coming together. Follow along on Cedar Point's live web at https://www.cedarpoint.com/online-fun/live-video-cam?mobile=0, null, null, This 8-page supplement advertising Cedar Point's 1969 season was included in Sunday newspapers in Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. #tbt, Cedar Point is closed for the season. Tony shares some photos from around the park., Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet will be interviewed in an analyst-led "fireside chat" at the Wells Fargo Securities Technology, Media & Telecom Conference tomorrow at 10:45 a.m. The discussion will be available live, and later on-demand, on the Cedar Fair website., null, null, How do ride evacuations generally work? Why do they sometimes not evacuate a ride after there’s been a problem? #AskRideMan, Cedar Fair is introducing its new digital imaging program, FunPix, along with free Wi-Fi to Cedar Point in 2016., This presentation on the history of Cedar Point was produced by the park in the mid 1980s. #tbt, "For 2016, we will have our most innovative lineup of new rides and attractions. What differentiates our parks from other family fun is an intensity and an immersiveness that can't be matched elsewhere. Our investments for next year will remind families that our amusement parks are the only place that deliver on our unique kind of fun." -- Matt Ouimet, Cedar Fair's president and chief executive officer, null, Save the date. CoasterMania 2015 will be held on Friday, June 3., The Santa Hustle 5k and Half Marathon return to Cedar Point on December 20., Artist's rendering of the Great Lake Erie Roller, which was announced by Cedar Point 40 years ago today,  October 29, 1975. The ride was renamed and opened as Corkscrew on May 15, 1976. #tbt, null, Glassblowing demonstration on Frontier Trail, null, null, The rain cleared out quickly last night leading to a fantastic Sunday., Batten down the hatches. It's a windy Saturday at America's Roller Coast., Follow Valravn's construction on Cedar Point's website at  http://valravn.cedarpoint.com/rise-to-power/construction-photos, Photos of Frontier Trail under construction. Cedar Point opened Frontier Trail in 1971. #tbt, null, Head to Cedar Point on closing day, November 1, for Good-Buy Day. Reserve the last ride on Millennium Force, GateKeeper, Rougarou, Raptor, or Maverick. Bring-a-Friend for only $20.15. Plus big discounts on food and merchandise throughout the park!, null, Gemini on an island? Monorail? The early concepts obviously changed and evolved, but Cedar Point Inc's 1975 annual report contained a candid look at what management once considered for the future. http://pointbuzz.com/content/cedar-point-1975-concept #fbf, #tbt to 1970. Now in its spectacular Centennial season, Cedar Point features over 200 fun rides and attractions!, null, "History in the making. The 1st piece of the tallest, fastest & longest dive coaster was put into place! #Valravn" - @TonyClarkCP https://twitter.com/tonyclarkcp/status/653656936274112512, Update: Per Tony Clark on Twitter, all those invited have been emailed. 
Millennium Force fans, are you available on Monday afternoon? https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/I-Need-Riders?mobile=0, null, Wayne Dawson reporting from Cedar Point in 1989 on the park's employee recruiting efforts. Apply today and you might be on the crew for the brand new Magnum XL-200! #tbt, Another interactive attraction is coming to a Cedar Fair park. Next year, Carowinds guests will step inside the Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare: 3Z Arena complex decked with 3-D technology, massive screens, surround sound and motion-based seats for an interactive experience., Raptor and Top Thrill Dragster will each get a new coat of paint over the off-season., Strong northeast wind causing high water this morning., Cedar Fair's Great America is partnering with video game developer Electronic Arts on a new attraction for next year., null, null, How do emergency stops and ride evacuations generally work? Why do they sometimes not evacuate a ride after there’s been a problem? RideMan has the answer!, U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown today applauded Cedar Point’s announcement that it will build its new roller coaster, Valravn, made with steel track and supports from Clermont Steel Fabricators, LLC in Batavia, Ohio. The company also provided track and support for GateKeeper, as featured in CoasterBuzz's 2013 video, "Where The Roller Coasters Come From.", null, Congratulations to former Cedar Point Public Relations Manager Bryan Edwards on his new position with Lake Erie Shores & Islands!, Valravn construction photos from Saturday. New for 2016 at Cedar Point. See the complete photo album at http://pointbuzz.com/Photo/Album/786  #cp2016, Million dollar view., Joining Rougabrew will be Iron Horse Lake Erie R.R. Porter, Frontier Trail Ale and Slaughter House Red., Ride coasters and help Second Harvest Food Bank of North Central Ohio. Bring nonperishable food items to Cedar Point Friday evenings, Saturdays until 5pm, and all day Sundays all September long and receive up to $15 off general admission., null, Millennium Force once again wins Best Steel Coaster Golden Ticket Award., null, Cedar Point's HalloWeekends website is now live. Will you choose The Great Pumpkin Fest or Haunt? Plenty new for 2015 - Slaughter House, Fear-Y Tales, Night of the Living Fed, and the HalloWeekends Pumpkin Blaze., Cedar Point's announcement of Valravn was covered by media from all over the region and nation., Cedar Fair Entertainment Company today announced preliminary net revenues through Labor Day increased 7% to a record $1.02 billion., null, null, Valravn is B&M's 100th coaster. 220 feet tall. 214 foot drop. 75 MPH. 3,415 feet. 3 inversions. #cp2016, Cedar Point announces Valravn, world's tallest and fastest dive coaster, new for 2016. #cp2016, Live stream of Cedar Point's announcement is available from WKYC/Cleveland. Coverage begins at 9:00 a.m. EDT. #cp2016, null, Media and invited guests are starting to arrive at Cedar Point for this morning's announcement. #cp2016 (Photos: Patrick Schultz), null, Download the Cedar Point VR app and get ready for tomorrow's big announcement. The app will also be available soon in the Google Play Store. Note: you will need Google Cardboard for the full experience., null, The Sandusky High School cafeteria is being transformed into the Blue Streak Cafe. Cedar Point's classic wooden coaster got its name from the school's nickname., Interested in riding rides and a possible chance at your 15 minutes of fame? Check out the details in the tweet., http://www.toledoblade.com/local/2015/09/01/Cedar-Point-to-unveil-new-ride.html, Gabe Spiegel Fox 8 News Cleveland recently spent the day at Cedar Point to learn what it's like to work at the world's best amusement park., null, Friday, September 11 from 7pm-11pm is Roller Coaster Appreciation Night at Cedar Point. Free for 2016 Season Passholders and $18 for everyone else., #tbt, Cedar Point Project 2016 update. See more photos at http://pointbuzz.com/Photo/Album/782, Jennifer McDougall writes about her experience this summer at Cedar Point., For a limited time, 200 MyCoke Points gets you a ticket to Cedar Point., Watch Flyboarder Jake “J-Smooth” Orel, get your first look at the new USPS “Boating Skills Virtual Trainer," and much more., Coaster track has arrived to a staging area next to Breakers Express. Thanks to PointBuzzer ApexMotorsports for the photos! #cp2016 Cedar Point, null, null, null, null, Ohio Historical Marker honoring the inaugural meeting of the Ohio Hospital Association was unveiled today at Cedar Point's Hotel Breakers. http://ohiohospitals.org/Ohio-Hospitals/Centennial.aspx, null, Properties Magazine takes an extensive look at the Hotel Breakers renovation., Due to yesterday's incident, Cedar Point is respectfully postponing their 2016 announcement event., null, null, null, Sandusky Police have identified the victim as James A. Young, 45, of East Canton, Ohio. Young had just finished riding Raptor at Cedar Point and entered a restricted area to retrieve a personal item he dropped during the ride., null, Reports from Cedar Point are that a man was struck and killed by Raptor after he entered a restricted area., null, null, Watch Striker, Coco, Misty and Breeze as they perform at Cedar Point's Oceana in 1983. #tbt https://youtu.be/Nl4QeQfp6Qc?t=39s, null, null, null, null, Members of the media are receiving Cedar Point Google Cardboard viewers in the mail. #cp2016, Coming August 17-September 7: everyone pays kids' price when you purchase your Cedar Point ticket online., Dollar Days are coming to Cedar Point on Labor Day Weekend. Dollar hot dogs, popcorn, games, souvenirs and more., At Cedar Point August 24-25, feel what it’s like to be on the Red Wings roster by testing your skills in various interactive hockey games, and meet Kirk Maltby, four-time Stanley Cup Champion and Detroit Red Wing alum., “We believe that we can bring some classic rides back to the parks, maybe that were there years before.", null, It's #tbt and that means it's time to go back to 1980 and take a ride on Western Cruise., null, null, Cedar Fair reports record net revenues of $424 million for the six months ended June 28, 2015, a 5% increase over the same period last year., From the Nostalgic to the Serial Rider, looks like they've got just about everyone covered., null, null, Sue Link has manned the Cedar Point beach admission gate for 15 years., Coaster Campout returns August 15-16. This time you can sleep next to a pumpkin patch., #tbt, Toledo native Katie Holmes shares some photos from her childhood on LIVE with Kelly and Michael and talks about visiting Cedar Point., Reports of Rougarou valleying with riders., TripAdvisor reviewers rank Cedar Point the #9 park in the U.S. What do you think?, Are seat belts necessary on Witches’ Wheel? What happens when there's a power outage? RideMan has the answer!  http://pointbuzz.com/content/ask-rideman-seat-belts-witches-wheel, You won't want to miss this! Popular Celtic rock band Off Kilter is coming to Cedar Point Labor Day weekend. Shows at 4:00, 6:00 & 8:00 p.m. on the Celebration Plaza Stage., null, EDIT: All spots have been filled., null, null, Tickets can be purchased at the park and are $20 per explorer (children ages 5-12) for a 1 ½ hour chaperoned experience., Cedar Point's "Toes in the Sand Band" performed live this morning on Fox 8 Cleveland., null, null, null, null, http://twitter.com/JWAddington1835/status/616996207588577280, Word out of Cedar Point this morning of a new security check at the park's entrance. http://twitter.com/Justin__Eyerly/status/616967061496053760 http://twitter.com/emilypack45/status/616959020365185024, Looks like someone got a delivery for HalloWeekends ..., null, null, Tune in to Fox & Friends tomorrow morning to watch Gabby Douglas and Anna Kooiman ride Rougarou at Cedar Point., Fireworks, free admission for military, skydiving and more at Cedar Point this weekend., Saturday was not a typical late June day at Cedar Point., null, Join Maria Santoferraro for a weekend of “Top Thrill” Beach Yoga and Meditation., Cedar Point's Giant Wheel would probably be described by many as fun, gentle and relaxing. Rewind back to 1893 and the original Ferris wheel, however, and the fear was real. Take five minutes and listen to this neat story of George Ferris' contribution to the World's Columbian Exposition., null, null, null, null, null, Magnetic braking systems are found on rides such as Top Thrill Dragster, Maverick, and Banshee. Do these rides employ electromagnets or permanent magnets? How are trains on these rides stopped in the event of a power outage?, null, null, There are a number of special events coming up at Bay Harbor. Ultimate Grill Fest (June 19), Chinese Lantern Dinner (June 26, July 31, August 21), Hog Roast (July 10), and the Wine & Beer Festival (July 24, August 14). Check the link below for more details., Tony points out some of the unique and different things you may have overlooked this year at Cedar Point., Do you remember the old ride character signs at Cedar Point? Thanks to @lepolt on Twitter for the #tbt idea!, Get ready for the Father's Day Feast of All Feasts at Cedar Point. Enjoy a baked potato bar, burgers, chicken, and Italian sausage. Great deals are available for both an admission/meal combo or the meal only., Raising Erie County bed tax rates represents the largest income source, roughly $17 million, needed to construct the athletic facility. The remaining funds would come from Cedar Fair and The Sports Force, the company developing and operating this complex., null, null, null, null, null, We're excited to announce a brand new feature at PointBuzz -- Ask RideMan. Amusement park authority Dave Althoff answers your questions about the inner workings of rides and roller coasters at Cedar Point. Have a question you'd like to see answered? Follow the link to find out how!, null, The Share a Coke Tour is making a stop at Cedar Point this weekend. You'll have the opportunity to personalize your own mini-can of Coca-Cola, Coke Zero or Diet Coke. The event will take place near the Extreme Sports Stadium from 10:00am-4:00pm on Saturday and 2:00pm-8:00pm on Sunday., What are your favorite places to eat at Cedar Point?, A 17-year-old Michigan boy landed criminal charges Saturday for allegedly dishing out a handful of counterfeit $50 bills to pay for games, food and other expenses at Cedar Point., Coaster Campout at Cedar Point raises $11,000 for A Kid Again - a charity that assists families raising children with life-threatening illnesses., null, More beach photos of today's storm from PointBuzzer AlexGillman., null, Lake Erie is looking angry this morning. Thanks to Patrick Schultz (@JWAddington1835) for the photos!, null, Reminder: Registration is required for this year's CoasterMania. Deadline is Monday at noon., “We had one of the strongest Memorial Day weekends we’ve had in a long time.”, null, With Jenna Bush Hager sidelined due to pregnancy, Natalie Morales flew sky-high at Cedar Point., Subscribe to be notified when new events are added., null, null, null, From Cedar Point: "Power has been restored inside the park and we plan to operate normally tomorrow. Thank you for your patience!", Statement from Cedar Point on today's power outage. "At approximately 2:45 p.m. today (May 20), Cedar Point experienced an interruption in its power supply to a section of the park. All of the rides that were affected safely came to a stop and all guests were escorted off. Ohio Edison responded quickly and power is being restored to that area of the park. Several rides are already back up and operating normally.", A power outage is currently affecting portions of Cedar Point., null, Any active, retired or honorably-discharged member of the United States Armed Forces can receive 1 free regular admission ticket to Cedar Point or Soak City Friday through Monday, May 22-25., Hotel Breakers construction time lapse., Thanks to @MisterJohnnyV on Twitter for photos of Wicked Twister running today., The new full-service Starbucks in the Hotel Breakers rotunda is a great place for an afternoon break., Map for the new Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point. Have you had an opportunity to stay at the updated resort?, With support from Cedar Fair and other local organizations, a multimillion-dollar sports complex is coming to the former Griffing Airport property., A few of the silver gelatin prints that are part of the Great Lakes Collection assembled by Charles Frohman. The images are some of the earliest ever taken of Cedar Point. The collection is preserved at the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Library in Fremont, Ohio.  #tbt, null, Midnight Syndicate will not be returning this year for HalloWeekends. Here's hoping when Midnight Syndicate Live! comes back in 2016, it will be at Cedar Point. From the group's Facebook page: "Although the band will be using 2015 to focus on the new album, plans for a return of Midnight Syndicate Live! in 2016 are already underway.", Season Passholder Appreciation Weekend is coming up Saturday and Sunday. The Bring-A-Friend offer is back, up to 6 friends for $19.99 each. Also enjoy exclusive ride time and special resort deals., Cedar Point will light Giant Wheel and GateKeeper turquoise this week in support of American Lung Association  #LUNGFORCE, Impressions of Rougarou media day from a first-time Cedar Point visitor., A line of strong to locally severe thunderstorms are approaching from the west, likely to impact Cedar Point around 5pm. If you're at the park, keep an eye to the sky., A few photos from Friday's First Rider Auction at Cedar Point benefitting the LeBron James Family Foundation. See the entire gallery at http://pointbuzz.com/Photo/Album/778 #iPROMISE, null, The drive into the new Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point., null, When asked about Valravn, Cedar Point GM Jason McClure told the Plain Dealer's Susan Glaser, "Valravn is a new trademark for Cedar Point. That's all. I don't know what it's for yet. If it was finalized, I would say, 'I can't tell you.' It's a name the company is looking at leveraging in the future." Check out the article for more Q&A with the boss., $126,000 raised for the LeBron James Family Foundation! #iPROMISE, Back again live at Cedar Point for the First Ride Auction and Season Passholder Preview. Join us at http://live.pointbuzz.com. #rougarou, We're live at Cedar Point for Rougarou Media Day. Follow along at http://live.pointbuzz.com #rougarou #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Join us all day tomorrow at http://live.pointbuzz.com as we blog live from Cedar Point. Coverage starts at 5:00am for Rougarou Media Day. We'll be back at 5:00pm for the Rougarou First Rider Auction event. Then we wrap up the day with coverage of the Season Passholder Preview, starting at 7:00pm., Did you ever play Skee-Ball at Games of Skill? The games and shooting gallery were replaced in 2004 by Donut Time. Today, the location is home to Starbucks. #tbt, In just 3 days, we'll again be able to stand on the midway and gaze at Top Thrill Dragster., Cedar Point kicks off its 146th season on Saturday!, Wicked Twister and Cedar Point open in 4 days., The first 10,000 riders to ride Rougarou on Saturday will receive a limited-edition First Rider pin. (One pin per rider; must be 54" tall to ride Rougarou; must ride Rougarou to receive the pin.), null, This is the coaster you're looking for. #cedarpoint  #StarWarsDay #iheartcp, null, A photo tour of many of the changes at Cedar Point., null, Millennium Force and Cedar Point open in 8 days., Power Tower and Cedar Point open in 9 days., As Cedar Point gets ready to debut Rougarou, a look back to the construction of Mantis. #tbt, null, What is FUNForward 2.0? Are ride wait times coming to a mobile app near you? Did someone say, "park-wide Wi-Fi?" Check out highlights of today's Cedar Fair Q1 earnings call., Rougarou in action!, null, Magnum XL-200 and Cedar Point open in 10 days., null, null, Early-season trends positive for season pass sales, hotel accommodations and group event bookings, GPS-enabled park map, detailed ride information, car finder, and calendar are among the updates to Cedar Point's official mobile app., Cedar Fair debuts new corporate website. http://www.cedarfair.com, Brew and BBQ is coming to Cedar Point May 22-24 and 29-31. Two weekends of barbecue, live music and more than 100 craft, micro and specialty beers at the park's new Lakeside Pavilion., null, Another Cedar Point commercial, this one for Rougarou., Lots of new attractions at Cedar Point for 1965. #tbt, Cedar Point commercials are starting to appear in local markets. Getting closer to opening day!, A Rougarou update with a quick point-of-view tease. #cedarpoint, Cedar Point connecting with fans before tonight's Cleveland Cavaliers playoff game against the Boston Celtics., What's new at Cedar Point in 2015?, Sweet Spot at Kings Island perhaps providing a peek at what we can expect from Cedar Point's Sweet Spot., Some of the detail work on Rougarou., An update on Hotel Breakers and more contest winners., The vast majority of Cedar Point guests take advantage of discounts., This view is much different in 2015 than it was last year. Chances are, it will also be much different in 2016. See more Cedar Point photos from cleveland.com at http://svmn.us/1OmhRYl., Cedar Point is in the final, frenzied weeks of a massive remodel of Hotel Breakers., A 1960 map of Cedar Point. 1960 was a transition year between the old Cedar Point and the new Cedar Point. You can see parts of each, including the start of what is now the Main Midway. (Download the photo to view full size) #tbt, The story of a family's five-generation tradition of staying at Cedar Point's Hotel Breakers., While most construction work in Ohio is just starting now, Cedar Point has kept a team of all Ohio contractors busy over the winter., Whether it's 2016 or down the road, an immersive dark ride seems destined for Cedar Point., Cedar Point's Dance Master Class gives dance groups the chance to learn from professional dancers and be the opening act for Luminosity., A new book from John and Marie Hildebrandt chronicles the history of tourism in Ottawa and Erie counties., Give Kids The World is such an amazing place, and while I'm proud to have it so close to me, remember they've likely helped out families in *your* community. Life-threatening illness doesn't discriminate by geography, but the village does an amazing job of giving those kids, and their families, a much needed distraction and a chance for a "normal" vacation.

If you can't donate today, please consider sharing this link with others. Thank you!, Too good to hold until next week's #tbt. This is a fantastic look at Cedar Point in 1983. A nearly 30-minute video featuring Mill Race, Star Voyager, Oceana Aquarium, midway views, and much more. One of the best videos you'll see of Cedar Point in the 1980s., Have you seen the great new Rougarou background image on Cedar Point's website at http://cedarpoint.com? (Image courtesy Cedar Point), Video highlights of Cedar Point's first and only "Christmas in the Park" event, held in December 1994. Included are portions of the horse-drawn carriage ride around the park. There have been many changes on the midways over the last couple of decades. #tbt #adaylate, null, Winter Chill Out participants, check to see if you're going to Rougarou's media day., Tony Clark clarifies WiFi story: "Little clarification on that WiFi article you may have read: park-wide WiFi is the future, but not in 2015. Quote was out of context. FYI.", UPDATE (April 7) -- Tony Clark made the following statement on Twitter: "Little clarification on that WiFi article you may have read: park-wide WiFi is the future, but not in 2015. Quote was out of context. FYI.", The 2015 Cedar Point Live Entertainment schedule is available on the park's website at https://www.cedarpoint.com/things-to-do/live-entertainment?mobile=0, Cedar Point's Top Thrill Dragster leads the Today Show poll, but the pregnant Jenna Bush Hager  will not be able to participate for obvious reasons., Cedar Point will turn the lights blue tonight on GateKeeper, Millennium Force, and Power Tower as part of the Autism Speaks worldwide “Light It Up Blue” campaign., null, null, null, Cast your vote for Top Thrill Dragster. Did you already vote? Vote again!, null, Rougarou is getting some fine tuning today, as technicians install connections to the ride’s retractable floor. (Photos courtesy Cedar Point.), More details on Coaster Campout at Cedar Point., Here's an update on various projects around Cedar Point., This week's #tbt is the reintroduction of our extensive timeline of Cedar Point history. It's a continual work in progress, but has been recently updated with a number of items., Go inside Cedar Point's Amazement Shop, where the maintenance team is busy finishing up winter inspections on the park's rides., null, Sorry folks, looks like our hosting provider is down. Hang in there!, "The view from Perimeter Road has certainly changed!", Is your bracket better than Jason McClure's? Take on the boss in the Cedar Point Madness group at ESPN., Tony shares Rougarou updates and photos., null, The extended agreement means Cedar Fair parks, including Cedar Point, will continue to leverage the accesso Passport ticketing suite for online and mobile sales of tickets, passes and other items., null, The first rider auction for Cedar Point's Rougarou will benefit the LeBron James Family Foundation., null, Do you use MyCokeRewards? Get a Cedar Point ticket for only 1,000 points., The debate was intense. Enthusiasts captivated by the construction progress. And, oh yeah ... those webcams. The mystery construction of Top Thrill Dragster at Cedar Point is our #tbt., null, Marc Summers didn't get that job at Cedar Point, but he still did OK for himself., Improvements at Hotel Breakers - Photo Gallery, null, null, Lots of news from #WinterChillOut at Cedar Point. Check the live blog at http://live.pointbuzz.com for all the details!, From Winter Chill Out 2015, We're at a cold and snowy Cedar Point for #WinterChillOut. Follow the fun at http://live.pointbuzz.com., Can't make it to #WinterChillOut tomorrow? Follow along on our live blog at http://live.pointbuzz.com. The fun starts at 8:30am., null, If you’re heading to Sandusky for #WinterChillOut tomorrow, allow yourself extra travel time. A Winter Weather Advisory will be in effect tomorrow for parts of Northern Ohio, including Sandusky. Snow will rapidly spread across the region Saturday morning and will be most intense from about 9:00am to 3:00pm before diminishing Saturday evening. The event is a go. Drive safe and don’t forget your ticket!, Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet discusses the state of the consumer and the performance of the company's amusement parks., null, null, Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet will be on CNBC's Closing Bell tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. EST., Grad Nite is coming to Cedar Point May 29 and June 12. Senior classes in high school will get exclusive ride time, an after-hours party, games, and more., null, A number of fun items in this video, including a guest jumping out of a still-moving Scrambler (1:18), on-ride footage of Frontier Lift (1:45), on-ride footage of Shoot the Rapids (2:28), Sky Slide, Space Spiral, and much more. Cedar Point in 1968. #tbt, null, An early bonus #tbt - the Cedar Point leadership team from 1977. Recognize any names or faces?, We're testing out a new Q&A-style forum for trip planning. Members can ask questions and reward other members with points in the scoring game. Check out the pinned question for more information!, Clip of David Tetzlaff performing with his Royal Bengal tigers at Jungle Larry's Safari in 1994. #tbt, Help Cedar Point plan CoasterMania! 2015., Joan Faber, proprietor of the Maples Motel, passed away yesterday in Michigan. She provided lodging and friendship to many Cedar Point enthusiasts over the years., null, Remember these classic sounds from Cedar Point's past? Buck says, "Price of fur's real good." #tbt, null, null, null, null, Make sure you buy your ticket before boarding Calypso. #tbt, null, Are you a PointBuzz user attending Winter Chill Out? Many of your fellow forum users will be there making it a great opportunity to put a face with a name. Add yourself to our list and check out who else is in your group. #WinterChillOut, null, Back to the #tbt requests. Do you remember Berenstain Bear Country at Cedar Point?, ICYMI - Winter Chill Out tickets are now on sale. Get an exclusive tour of Cedar Point in the off-season while helping raise money for Give Kids The World. #WinterChillOut, Tickets for Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out, benefiting Give Kids The World, are now on sale. #WinterChillOut, Winter Chill Out tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. Info on how to purchase will be available then., #tbt The CP&LE R.R. fan site has an extensive section detailing the early history of the Cedar Point and Lake Erie Railroad. An enjoyable read for any fan of the park's locomotives. Check it out at  http://www.cplerr.com/SSS.html, null, The top ten Cedar Point stories of 2014, as selected by the fans., Demolition of the Good Time Theatre is underway at Cedar Point. Photo via Jason McClure and Tony Clark - https://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/549971015540162561, Former Cedar Fair CEO, wife donate $1 million to Sandusky Central Catholic School., null, Rock the vote! Help us select the top Cedar Point news stories of 2014., One of last week's #tbt requests was for the fruit shaped drinking cups sold at Cedar Point back in the day. Turns out, there is one for sale right now on eBay., Help us select the top Cedar Point news stories of 2014., A treasured collection of Cedar Point history is in the process of becoming more accessible., Clear your schedules and mark your calendars. Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out will be February 21, 2015 with a weather date of February 28. More details to come. Winter Chill Out is Cedar Point's official off-season coaster enthusiast event. All proceeds benefit Give Kids The World, Register your Cedar Point season pass at cedarpoint.com to learn more., null, Four carousel deer from the Sandusky Merry-Go-Round Museum are part of the 2014 White House holiday display., null, Any requests for next week's #tbt? Historic newspaper articles, old advertisement, perhaps a former attraction that has special memories? Have a Cedar Point memory from long ago and you're not sure if you're remembering correctly? The PointBuzz archives aren't unlimited, but we're happy to dig around and see if we can't fulfill some #tbt requests from the community., Corkscrew and Troika, new for 1976 at Cedar Point.  #tbt, null, null, #GivingTuesday has arrived. Today only, make a donation to Give Kids The World and the first $20,000 will be matched by an anonymous donor!, Cyber Monday sale from Cedar Point. Purchase a one-day, regular ticket for $59.99 and get FAST LANE included. Some restrictions apply - click the link to purchase. This offer is available today only., With Thanksgiving tomorrow, let's do #tbt a day early. This is an aerial image of Cedar Point from March 1969. Lots of fascinating details, including construction of Mine Ride, the original layout of CP&LE railroad, Scamper (in what would be its final year), and much more. See comments for a direct link to a high resolution version., null, Good Time Theatre will be removed., null, null, null, This video was used by Cedar Point to promote Millennium Force when it was announced July 22, 1999. #tbt, Microsoft Azure is suffering a major outage, causing problems for services such as Xbox Live. More importantly, it's causing problems for PointBuzz. Please stand by ..., Buy a Cedar Point admission ticket for the 2015 season today and not only do you pay 2014 front gate prices but get Fast Lane for FREE., The new PointBuzz is up and rolling, featuring a significantly newer forum. Come over and play!, Just because November tends to be a sleepy time of year for Cedar Point fans doesn't mean that we at PointBuzz aren't busy..., null, null, From IAAPA, an article on how - and why - Cedar Point and other amusement parks keep tabs of employees on social media., Third annual race will take place at Cedar Point Sunday, Dec. 14., null, null, Kid Arthur's Court was a children's play area at Cedar Point from July 4, 1982 until the end of the 1999 season. How many of you remember the coloring book? #tbt, Cedar Fair reports record third-quarter revenues, increases quarterly cash distribution by 7%., Sandusky residents approved an issue to raise the city income tax rate, which will trigger an increase in the admissions tax. The city of Sandusky and Cedar Point both supported the issue, a compromise that came as a result of meetings over the summer with a citizen group that was seeking a larger admissions tax increase., Tony reflects on the 2014 season., Former Cedar Point Police Chief Ray Majoy died October 29 after a brief illness., Closing day 2014., null, Not sure you could ask for a better November 2 to close out the season., Emergency personnel launched a full-blown search for two teens reportedly missing in Sandusky Bay near Cedar Point's main entrance on Friday night., The Hotel Breakers entrance demolished yesterday at Cedar Point dates back to 1959, part of a $200,000 resort update for that season. This Sandusky Register article from April 13, 1959 called it, "the first major change and improvement to the hotel in nearly 50 years..." #tbt, null, null, null, Hotel Breakers entrance demolition is scheduled for this morning. Watch live at https://www.cedarpoint.com/online-fun/live-video-cam/camera-3, null, As part of Dr. Meyer's presentation, he discusses the Face your Fear program at Cedar Point and the work the students do to get themselves to ride roller coasters. Included in the presentation is video of one student's before and after reactions of riding Gemini, and before conquering Top Thrill Dragster., null, Great view of this afternoon's solar eclipse from Cedar Point, The GMs of two Cedar Fair parks, Worlds of Fun in Kansas City and California's Great America near San Francisco, make a World Series wager. Here's hoping Jason McClure from Cedar Point will be able to make a wager next year!, null, null, View more photos from Cedar Point HalloWeekends at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=758, Sunday, November 2 is Guest Appreciation Day at Cedar Point. Great deals everywhere you look: admission, merchandise, games, and food., Dr. Meyer's Face Your Fear project at Cedar Point has helped 67 students conquer their fear of roller coasters over the last five years. He is an active PointBuzzer and one of our favorite forum contributors., null, Did you take the last stand on Mantis this weekend at Cedar Point?, October 17, 1979 - Cedar Point announces Oceana, a $3 million marine life entertainment facility, highlighted by a 1,600-seat stadium that will be added adjacent to the existing Sealand aquarium. #tbt, Tony updates everyone on the progress of the Hotel Breakers makeover Cedar Point. , Win a family 4 pack of tickets to Cedar Point., Hotel Breakers construction, October 12, 2014. Photo courtesy Pete Babic., null, Midnight Syndicate 9:00 show? Yes, please!, null, null, null, Do you remember Cedar Point's Bavarian Funfest? The event was held in 1981 and 1982. Click through the link below to read a newspaper article about the 1982 event. #tbt, null, Have you seen Midnight Syndicate at Cedar Point?, Share your spooktacular movie made with Magisto and you could win a 2015 VIP ticket package for 4 to Cedar Point., Maverick under construction at Cedar Point, May 28, 2006. #tbt, null, null, Is Cedar Point's Rougarou a new roller coaster?, The new Hotel Breakers debuts in 2015., null, Mantis will become Rougarou when it is transformed into a floorless roller coaster in 2015 at Cedar Point. , null, #tbt, null, null, Cedar Point: "We are not renaming a coaster. It's now all about our partnership with the Foundation - helping kids and families! By the way, this was at LeBron's request.", Cedar Point establishes long-term partnership with the LeBron James Family Foundation, This is a show you don't want to miss. Catch Midnight Syndicate Live! every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from now through November 1 at Cedar Point., Hotel Breakers construction at Cedar Point. See the entire photo album at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=756, null, Cedar Point's LeBron James announcement coming Tuesday at 11:00 a.m., Cedar Point's Bryan Edwards discusses the Amusement Today poll and says if you're a thrill seeker and love great rides, you're going to be excited by what the park has planned., null, Cedar Point on Lake Erie - The Playground of the Great Lakes. #tbt, HalloWeekends at Cedar Point is just 2 days away!, HalloWeekends kicks off this weekend at Cedar Point. Get the details at http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=2002, null, null, null, null, null, Summer is going fast. These days, though, that means HalloWeekends is right around the corner! #tbt, Cedar Fair announces preliminary that year-to-date net revenues through September 1, 2014 were a record $939 million, on attendance of 19.0 million., A look back at the debut of Mantis in 1996. #tbt, What's next for Cedar Point's Mantis? , Cedar Point will close Mantis on October 19. Does this mean the removal of a roller coaster, or is there something more to the story? What do you think? #cp2015, Cedar Point will close Mantis on October 19. , Darkness falls on Mantis. Take the last stand October 19 at Cedar Point, null, null, null, null, Cedar Point will have a major announcement September 2 at noon. We assume the announcement is in regards to new menu items at Happy Friar, but there's a chance it could be #cp2015., Have you seen the new Cedar Point Frontier Trail brochure? , Here is a great article on the construction of Gemini at Cedar Point, focusing on how 80 carpenters got the job done. It also discusses some of the weather challenges crews faced, including a tornado and a blizzard. #tbt, Hotel Breakers construction. Photo courtesy Pete Babic., HalloWeekends Preview Night - Friday, September 12. Enjoy ERT on GateKeeper, delicious food and be the first to tour the new Hexed haunted house. This event is open to officially-recognized coaster club members only. Each person attending MUST be a club member (NO non-member guests). All attendees must register in advance – NO WALK-UPS. Check out the link for full details! , Details on HalloWeekends now available on the Cedar Point website. https://www.cedarpoint.com/things-to-do/halloweekends, Cedar Point is celebrating Labor Day with its first-ever Dollar Days, two nights of fireworks, money-saving offers on admission and exclusive deals and benefits just for season pass holders., null, Both sides of Skyhawk are now open., It's like Christmas for Cedar Point fans. , The Progressive Insurance North American Demo Boat Show is this weekend at Cedar Point. The popular event started in 1973 and is traditionally held in September. It was moved to August to ease parking and traffic issues caused by the combination of the show and HalloWeekends., Did you get a chance to see this fantastic show this season?, The Share a Coke summer tour from Coca-Cola will be at Cedar Point today and tomorrow from 11:00am - 5:00pm. They are set up next to the Extreme Sports Stadium. You can personalize two Coke mini cans - one to keep and one to share. #shareacoke, 2015 Cedar Point season passes and season dining plans are now on sale. Nine month payment plan is available for season passes. Season dining plan can be added to the payment plan if purchased at the same time as your season pass., Gemini under construction at Cedar Point, April 1978. #tbt, null, The Color Run, the "Happiest 5K on the Planet," will be hitting the Cedar Point midways on Saturday, September 20., Cedar Point's 18th annual HalloWeekends kicks off September 12. Tony gives us a sneak peak in his latest blog entry., null, Cedar Point has added fruit cups and Caesar salad as side options for the meal plan. Available at Coasters and Round Up., null, Cedar Point's Bring-a-Friend deal is back. All Season & Platinum Passholders can bring a friend on Sunday, August 17 for just $19.99! Limit 6. Valid for regular, one-day Cedar Point admission on 8/17 only. Purchase in advance at the link below, or at park ticket windows., #tbt, Midway Market will be dropped from Cedar Point's All Season Dining Plan starting August 15. Thanks to Patrick for the photo., null, null, How is this for #tbt? Here's a shot of Breakers Tower in 1998., null, Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point, 1914, null, Cedar Point hiring hundreds for HalloWeekends., null, Cedar Point reopens one arm of Skyhawk., null, null, More fun Cedar Point facts from Bryan Edwards on Twitter. https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/494845335169417216, Winter at Cedar Point, 1974 #tbt, Coming in 2015 - a totally new and improved Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point https://www.cedarpoint.com/places-to-stay/hotel-breakers-2015, "People don't want things to be too expensive. They want to be able to have fun with their friends and their family. They want to eat a nice meal while they're in the park. They want to experience some new rides as well as revisit some old favorites. And they want to laugh a little bit. If you can consistently deliver that experience -- and that's what we try to do at each of our Cedar Fair properties -- people will come back again and again,", null, The Skyhawk accident does not reach the level to trigger an investigation by the state of Ohio, but the Ohio Department of Agriculture will meet later this week with officials from Cedar Point and Skyhawk's manufacturer, S&S Worldwide. The ride will not reopen until state inspectors sign off review the ride and any repairs made., null, null, null, Reports of a cable snapping on Skyhawk tonight., Cedar Point is the star in Luke Bryan's latest video., Tony has posted several photos from around Cedar Point that may or may not be of significance. #cp2015, Since 1984, not a summer has gone by without the smiling face of Rose Stein greeting Cedar Point guests to the Frontier Trail Candle Shoppe. Her book, "The Candlemakers Candle Book," is available for purchase at the Candle Shoppe. We're excited to be able to give away a signed copy of the book to one of our lucky fans. For details and to enter, visit: http://pointbuzz.com/c/candle-book.aspx, Opening day, May 27, 1962. A view of the Cedar Point midway from the station of the nearly completed Sky Ride, which would debut two weeks later on June 9. Actor Vince Edwards, who played the title character on the popular television series “Ben Casey,” made an appearance at the park as part of Esmond Dairy Day. The Sandusky Register reported that 9,000 fans mobbed the actor.  #tbt, Uncle Kracker (Official Page) on Top Thrill Dragster earlier today at Cedar Point. Photo via @BryanEdwardsCP., Great Cedar Point infographic shared by @BryanEdwardsCP on Twitter., null, City residents will now vote on income tax increase from 1% to 1.25% and admissions tax increase from 3% to 4%. Cedar Point will also kick in an additional $500,000., The Cedar Point and LeBron James discussion continues. Several potential options are presented in the article. Which sounds best to you?, The clues and hints for Cedar Point 2015 have begun. Stay up-to-date with our 2015 page., null, null, The evolution of Cedar Point entrances and roads. #tbt, null, The "Happiest 5k on the Planet" is coming to Cedar Point. The Color Run will take place September 20., Have you taken part in Cedar Point's new Beach Blast event yet?, Sandusky city manager to hold talks with Cedar Point as citizens push doubling of admissions tax., An update for those attending Coaster Campout. , Yesterday's Cedar Point tweet about LeBron James gets a mention on Good Morning America., Do you enjoy Cedar Point photos from the 80s? Ryan Lovelady was kind enough to send in some of his own photos from 1981. They've been added to our 1981 album at: http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=755 If you've got something you'd like to contribute, just send us a message! #tbt #iheartcp, Cedar Point offers to rename roller coaster for LeBron James http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1981, Cedar Fair boss says job is about making memories. http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1980, null, Thanks to Patrick for sharing these photos of a recently renovated room at Hotel Breakers., null, The Beach Blast is here. Head over to the Cedar Point Beach every Friday and Saturday night through August 16 for beach games, live music, food, and fireworks. The party runs from 9:00 p.m. - midnight, with fireworks at 11 p.m. , Did Cedar Point GM Jason McClure give us a peek at 2015? , More photos from Ryan Staab, this time from 1981. View the entire album at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=755 #tbt, Thanks to Ryan Staab for sharing these photos of Cedar Point from 1977. View the entire album at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=754 #tbt, Thanks to Patrick for the photo., null, Watch the closing bell live from Cedar Point at 3:55 PM EDT at https://beta.nyse.com/bell -- If you miss it live, archived video will be available at the same link., SlingShot set to open tomorrow. , Marine surprises brother during Cedar Point show http://fox8.com/2014/07/01/marine-surprises-brother-during-cedar-point-show/, Via @TonyClarkCP - SlingShot will be $25. Platinum Passholders get 10% off., null, null, Cedar Point GM Jason McClure says SlingShot testing will take a couple of days, opening date still to be determined., "Since 1984, not a summer has gone by without the smiling face and skilled hands of Rose Stein greeting Cedar Point guests to the Frontier Trail Candle Shoppe ... In honor of the many years of Rose Stein's dedication, loyalty and hard work, Cedar Point has re-named this building Rose's Candle Shoppe.", Big thanks to Terry Friel for sharing this video of SlingShot testing., null, CAN'T MISS EVENT - Cedar Point will host its Stars and Stripes Celebration next week. Free admission for military, deals on general admission tickets, two nights of fireworks, the Johnsonville Big Taste Grill, the Air Force Band of Flight, Bill Leff Airshows, "Cornhole with a Pro" with American Cornhole Organization, and so much more. Read on for details., Tune in to a new season of Insane Coaster Wars: World Domination on Sunday, June 29 at 7:00pm & 7:30pm ET/PT (back-to-back episodes) on Travel Channel. , null, SlingShot instantly changes the Cedar Point skyline., Cedar Fair Chief Executive Officer and President Matt Ouimet and Cedar Point Vice President and General Manager Jason McClure will close the New York Stock Exchange by ringing the closing bell at Cedar Point on Wednesday, July 2 at 4:00 p.m., #coastingforkids riders taking on the Gemini at  Cedar Point for Give Kids The World., null, null, Thanks, Patrick, for sharing these renderings of the Hotel Breakers upgrade with us!, null, Lots of deals available for Father's Day at Cedar Point. Are you taking advantage?, The Ohio State Highway Patrol determined the pilot was flying 1,000 feet off Cedar Point Beach at an altitude of about 200 feet when he struck an airborne duck shortly after 4:00 p.m. Tuesday., So much new fun for the 1970 season. #tbt, Sandusky area businesses got a boost after a water main break forced Cedar Point to close last weekend., The thrills at Cedar Point aren't limited to the rides. If you have not yet watched All Wheels Extreme, you are missing an incredible show., Tony updates everyone on SlingShot, Trail Tavern, Ride Anniversary Day, and more., Ohio State Highway Patrol is reporting a plane made an emergency landing at Cedar Point Beach around 4:30 this afternoon., See the rest of the gallery at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=753, Cedar Fair may look to business interruption insurance to recoup funds., null, null, null, Cedar Point will remain closed Sunday, June 8. Full statement from the park: 

PARK UPDATE (5:40 p.m.) - We continue to work with the City of Sandusky to restore water service to Cedar Point. The latest assessment is that the necessary repairs will require several more hours to complete. Once the water main is repaired, there are additional procedures that must be taken to restore water pressure to all areas on the property, and testing that must follow to ensure the systems are working properly and the appropriate water quality is established. 

At this time we have made the decision to keep the park and resort properties closed until Monday, June 9th when – subject to any unforeseen complications – we would anticipate resuming normal operations. As the repairs advance throughout the evening and into Sunday we will provide additional updates.

We recognize that this situation has caused many of our guests to be disappointed. We are sorry that this has happened.

All Cedar Point tickets will be honored on any operating day in 2014 where the park is open to the public.

Please visit cedarpoint.com for additional updates and information., RESORTS UPDATE (2:31 p.m.) - The Cedar Point Resorts properties on the peninsula, which include Hotel Breakers, Sandcastle Suites and Lighthhouse Point, will be closed tonight, June 7th and Sunday night, June 8th. Guests can contact the reservation office at 419-627-2106 to cancel or reschedule your reservation. Castaway Bay Indoor Waterpark Resort and Breakers Express remain open., null, null, Early this morning, the City of Sandusky experienced a water main break on the main line that supplies water to Cedar Point. The City of Sandusky is currently working to repair the system. Without the normal water supply, and due to safety concerns, the park is unable to open today. All guest tickets will be honored on future dates this season. Please visit cedarpoint.com for the latest updates., null, If Cleveland is selected by the Republican party, it could have an economic impact on Cedar Point and the Lake Erie Shores and Islands region., Cedar Point midway, 1962. The ride on the left is Star Voyager. Today, that spot is the circular flower bed that each year features a logo or artwork created with flowers. The food stand to the right is now the Corral. #tbt, null, Headed to CoasterMania at Cedar Point? We've got an update on the event, including a information on a free cruise and details on the Mean Streak Challenge. Follow the link for all the news., Two brand new Cedar Point live streaming webcams are now up and running., Did you know that Magnum XL-200 25th Anniversary gear is available at Park Plaza gift shop? , You don't have to be a runner to participate in Cedar Point's Run & Ride event. Volunteers are needed for a number of jobs. , null, Back in 1977, Cedar Point challenged guests to ride all five coasters in one day. If successful, you became part of the Cedar Point High Rollers Club. #tbt, Hotel Breakers advertisement from 1967. If you’re looking to save a few bucks and don’t mind not having your own bathroom, check out the Economy Rooms. #tbt, The National Weather Service in Cleveland has issued a statement indicating a moderate risk of rip currents on Lake Erie today. While it's probably a bit cool today to take advantage of swimming off the Cedar Point beach, remember that rip currents are not limited to oceans. Stay safe this summer!, While we wait for the Trail Tavern at Cedar Point to open, Tony takes blog readers inside., Cedar Point's new deluxe cabins are open. Have you made your reservation?, Updated info, including ticket prices for CoasterMania at Cedar Point , @JasonMcClureCP: "Landscape team has been at it since 4AM planting the main midway logo bed. What do you think it will be this year?", Gorgeous start to Memorial Day weekend at Cedar Point., null, HAPPY BIRTHDAY - Blue Streak debuted at Cedar Point on this date in 1964. Here's to 50 more years! (Photo: Cedar Point), Blue Streak opened 50 years ago tomorrow. Here’s an ad for Cedar Point's opening day in 1964 from the The Plain Dealer. #tbt, All Wheels Extreme opens Saturday at Cedar Point. Here's a sneak peek., COASTING FOR KIDS - Help us raise money for Give Kids The World, a Florida-based nonprofit organization that provides weeklong vacations to children who have life-threatening diseases and their families. EVERY donation made today via the link below will matched, up to $300 total., TRAFFIC UPDATE: The closure of U. S. Rt. 6 in Huron Twp. has been extended through Friday, May 23. If you normally exit U.S. Rt. 2 at Rye Beach Road, you should continue to the next exit, U. S. Rt. 250., "(Bryan) Edwards confirmed that there have been problems with the ride. 'We have been working closely with the ride manufacture to correct a computer situation,' he said. He added, however, that he was out in the park on Monday, 'and saw guests riding and enjoying Pipe Scream.'", TRAFFIC ALERT: Through Wednesday, May 21. Road work on U. S. Rt. 6 in Huron Twp. will affect some Cedar Point traffic coming from the east. If you normally exit U.S. Rt. 2 at Rye Beach Road, you should continue to the next exit, U. S. Rt. 250. Traffic is expected to return to normal on Thursday., All active, retired and honorably-discharged members of the United States Armed Forces will receive free admission into Cedar Point, Friday through Monday, May 23-26, with a valid ID. , null, Magnum XL-200, the ride that sparked a new generation of roller coasters, isn't one biggest game changers in the history of theme park attractions? Sounds like the writer should have found better experts! http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/15/travel/roller-coaster-pioneers/index.html?hpt=hp_c4, A group of Sandusky, Ohio residents, frustrated by officials cutting programs and services, are pitching an increase in the city's admission tax. The tax, largely dependent on Cedar Point, currently accounts for 18.8% of the city's budget., The crew from All Wheel Sports, Inc. is getting ready for another season of high-flying stunts. All Wheels Extreme opens at Cedar Point on May 24., Fantastic Cedar Point video from 1976 and 1979. #tbt , null, null, A new summer menu is now available at Bay Harbor., null, A hint at a new character for HalloWeekends 2014?, Lots of water falling today in Ohio. Stay safe. Remember, don't walk or drive through flood waters. Turn Around, Don't Drown., null, We're live at Cedar Point for Opening Day! Follow along at http://live.pointbuzz.com, null, PHOTO GALLERY: Media Day 2014 , T-minus 24 hours. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, null, We're at Cedar Point for Media Day. Follow along at http://live.pointbuzz.com, 2 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Did you get your Getaway Guide? #tbt, Cedar Fair anticipates fifth consecutive year of record performance, says early-season trends positive for season pass sales and group event bookings, PointBuzzer Corym88 shared his class project video with us on the forums. It's a fantastic look at the work of replacing railroad ties on the CP&LE Railroad. , null, 3 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, 4 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, How does Mostly Sunny and 78º sound for Media Day? , Family Fun is focus in 2014 with new rides, shows and attractions, 5 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, 6 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, 7 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, 8 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Not able to attend Thursday's Media Preview event at Cedar Point? Fear not. We'll have full coverage from Cedar Point on Thursday and on Opening Day on our live blog. Until then, check out our coverage from last year. http://live.pointbuzz.com, Reassembly of the new-look Monster continues., null, Tony shares details on FUNtv., Back in November we told you about Emily Deming and her battle with brain cancer. Emily is the daughter of Dan Deming, Production Manager in Cedar Point’s Live Entertainment Department. This week, Emily and her family are enjoying a vacation at one of our favorite places, Give Kids The World. On June 8, coaster enthusiasts will again gather for Coasting for Kids, a special event that helps raise money for Give Kids The World. To donate or to learn more about Coasting for Kids, visit http://pointbuzz.com/c/coasting-for-kids-2014.aspx. You can also follow Promises for Emily on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/pages/Promises-for-Emily/552741798140391, Do you like #hashtags? Follow us on Twitter at @pointbuzz. (Hmm ... I think that "at" is @redundant), A Toledo Blade photo showing Blue Streak under construction. #tbt, 9 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, For a limited time, you can receive a single day admission ticket to any Cedar Fair park in the United States for only 250 Coke Points (that’s 75% off the normal cost of 1000 points)., The 2014 Cedar Point map is now available on the park's website., 10 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, Looks like a tower is being delivered to Cedar Point. Might be for the world's tallest CB radio antenna. Or it could be for SlingShot., 11 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Sounds like an invitation for speculation., Let's call this Throwback Tuesday. From 1991, a video from Dave Althoff showing Blue Streak in action. "... this clip shows the loading process for the Blue Streak coaster back when it was still run by hand and still used two stations for unloading and loading. The bell that sounds just before the train starts moving is the signal that the other train is circling the far turnaround and therefore it is time for this train to leave. Note also that the platform attendant runs into some kind of a snag checking lap bars and seat belts in Car #3, and how he deals with the problem before checking Car #4." , null, First Street in Sandusky will be under construction until late June. Most Cedar Point visitors do not use this secondary road to access the park, but if it affects you, take note of the detours. , 12 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, 13 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, 14 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Big photo update from Tony on the Cedar Point blog., Photos of the new Cedar Point employee recreation center and dorm building., 15 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, ICYMI: Registration for Cedar Point's 2014 Media Preview of Lake Erie Eagles and Pipe Scream is now open. The event is open to all members of park-approved coaster clubs. Every member who registers must have a valid coaster club card for entry - NO EXCEPTIONS. Please visit the link and read the page for full details. https://www.cedarpoint.com/mediarsvp, Registration for Cedar Point's 2014 Media Preview of Lake Erie Eagles and Pipe Scream is now open. The event is open to all members of park-approved coaster clubs. Every member who registers must have a valid coaster club card for entry - NO EXCEPTIONS. Please visit the link and read the page for full details. https://www.cedarpoint.com/mediarsvp , 16 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, Cedar Point aerial photos from 1953 and 2012. Near the top center of the photo is Kafarlu Island. Now part of the Cedar Point Causeway, Kafarlu Island is a man-made island built by Louis Wagner between 1911 and 1931. Wagner passed away in 1941 and the land was eventually sold to Cedar Point. Read more at http://sanduskyhistory.blogspot.com/2011/06/kafralu-island.html #tbt, null, null, Coming tomorrow: details on how you can register for Cedar Point's Media Preview event on May 8., 17 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, null, 18 days and counting. #cedarpoint #iheartcp, GateKeeper is awake and getting ready for the 2014 season., 19 days and counting #cedarpoint, null, 20 days and counting. #cedarpoint, null, 21 days and counting. #cedarpoint, 22 days and counting. #cedarpoint, 23 days and counting. #cedarpoint, Bonus #tbt - With coaster enthusiasts at King's Island today for Banshee, here is coverage of Magnum XL-200's debut in 1989 from WEWS-TV in Cleveland., Do you remember these ride signs? #tbt, 24 days and counting. #cedarpoint, null, The new look Monster is coming back to life., Join PointBuzz in helping to raise money for our favorite charity — Give Kids The World! , null, null, null, Your first look at Pipe Scream in action!, Photo courtesy Cedar Point, ICYMI: Media Preview Day is May 8 and members of recognized coaster clubs are invited. Details on how to register for the event are coming soon, but if you need to join a club, don't wait until the last second! http://coasterbuzz.com/Content/Club, null, Looks like a Pipe Scream POV might be in the works. , Millennium Force is getting ready for the 2014 season., VertiGo at Cedar Point, 2001. #tbt, null, The new Gemini Midway and Lake Erie Eagles are both making progress this morning., null, null, A 1948 Sandusky Day ride on Cyclone was half price - only 12¢., Lots of activity at America's Roller Coast as the park gets ready for Opening Day. #cedarpoint, Cedar Point is just one of the reasons Ohio's north coast attracts more than 7.5 million visitors each year. Order your 2014 Lake Erie Shores & Islands Travel Planner to find out about everything there is to do., A nice feature article on amusement park railroads, including the CP&LE Railroad, in the May 2014 issue of Trains Magazine., null, null, Three Cedar Point newspaper advertisements from 1977. #tbt, Assembly of Lake Erie Eagles is underway., Remember when you thought snow was pretty? 47 days until Opening Day! http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP, Cedar Point is preparing to hire more than 5,000 people for seasonal jobs this summer. The park will hold a job fair on Saturday, March 29 at Castaway Bay from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Those interested should first fill out the online application at http://cedarpoint.com/jobs, Lake Erie Eagles being unloaded at Cedar Point. http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/448163454738649088, null, null, Crews at Cedar Point recently finished placing the 15,000-pound gondola on the park’s new Pipe Scream ride. Join us to discuss everything new for 2014 at http://pointbuzz.com/Forums/Topics/20.aspx, Vertical construction on Pipe Scream is complete. https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/446362032715997185, null, Check out this view from Google Maps of Disaster Transport half-way torn down., Tony shares some snow photos from around the park. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Winter-Scenes, Our new HalloWeekends forum is open for business. Join us at http://pointbuzz.com/Forums , Pipe Scream vehicle on the track. Only 54 days until Opening Day., null, Midnight Syndicate coming to HalloWeekends this fall., The 2014 tweetup coin is revealed, plus news on Platinum Passholder benefits, the 2014 live show schedule, and more in today's official blog update. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/The-2014-Coin-Revealed, Workers made progress on Pipe Scream construction before today's snow storm. Photo / Cedar Point, If you say so ..., How long does it take to install Pipe Scream? Apparently, not long at all., Lighthouse Point cabin being delivered earlier today. Photo - @BryanEdwardsCP https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/443431173549600768, Follow the construction of Pipe Scream on the Gemini Midway Construction Cam. https://www.cedarpoint.com/online-fun/webcams, Pipe Scream goes vertical. Photos/Cedar Point., The inaugural Run & Ride Weekend, featuring the Cedar Point Half Marathon, Millennium Force 5K, and Snoopy's Fun Run, will take place June 27-29. Visit the link for more info. https://www.cedarpoint.com/runandride/the-races, All Wheels Extreme is back May 24., Construction on the new Lighthouse Point check-in and store is moving along. (via @TonyClarkCP) https://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/441998122722394112/, Not specifically related to Cedar Point, but there's no shortage of opinions on seat belts. A new court document in the case involving the death of a Dallas woman on Texas Giant shows the ride manufacturer blaming Six Flags, in part, because the park “expressly designed and specified in writing that there be no seat belts.”, Cedar Point gets a mention on this week's episode of the FX original series Justified. , The check was delivered today to Give Kids The World for your fundraising efforts at Winter Chill Out! Thank you everyone for coming, and thank you Cedar Point for hosting this fantastic event!, Crews at work on Lighthouse Point expansion. (photo via @BryanEdwardsCP) http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1951, Cedar Point has announced their Lighthouse Point expansion., New for 2014: All Day Dining Plan. For $29.99, enjoy an entree and a side every time you choose to stop in at one of the participating restaurants, with a 90-minute wait between meals. https://www.cedarpoint.com/ticket-category/Meal-Deals (Thanks to Patrick for the heads up!), null, This GateKeeper model is looking crazy good. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/The-GateKeeper-Model-Update, null, More photos at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=749, Thanks to everyone for coming out today to Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out, raising $13,280 for Give Kids The World!, If you're missing Winter Chill Out tomorrow, you can stay connected to the event by following #CPChillOut on your favorite Twitter app or through this link: https://twitter.com/search?q=%23CPChillOut, Pipe Scream and Lake Erie Eagles not enough? Cedar Point announces SlingShot,  Starbucks, Auntie Anne’s, Cinnabon, Chickie’s and Pete’s, Coca-Cola Freestyle, and Yogurt Plus., Winter Chill Out event schedule has been emailed to all attendees. Information is also available on the event page in the News and Updates section., Today is the last day to get your tickets for Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out. Ticket sales end this afternoon at 5:00 PM EST. Don't miss out on this fantastic event!, Only one day left to get your tickets for Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out. Ticket sales end tomorrow at 5:00 PM EST. Don't miss out on this fantastic event!, Only two days left to get your tickets for Cedar Point's Winter Chill Out. Ticket sales end Wednesday at 5:00 PM EST. Don't miss out on this fantastic event! , "a well-kept secret for Cedar Point, as there were no rumors circulating among coaster enthusiasts." - except for those who heard about it first two weeks ago on the PointBuzz forums. :) http://pointbuzz.com/Forums/Thread/30345.aspx, The itinerary for CoasterMania is now available. , Per Tony Clark, height requirements for Pipe Scream: 42" min. to ride; 42" - 48" must be accompanied by a supervising companion (responsible person). Height requirements for Lake Erie Eagles: 36" min. to ride; 36" - 46" must be accompanied by a supervising companion (responsible person). http://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/433725303093878784, "Cedar Point fan sites like PointBuzz have become a hotbed of chatter regarding this apparent attraction." Stop by and join the chatter at http://pointbuzz.com/Forums/Thread/30345.aspx, @TonyClarkCP: Even ol' T-Rex has had enough of this cold! https://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/433584987195994113, @BryanEdwardsCP: -6° + Fog + the "Best Amusement Park in the World" = Great photo ops! Cedar Point https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/433599886517219329, Remembering Jungle Larry. http://junglelarry.com, Registration for Coaster Campout is now open. Get all the details at https://www.cedarpoint.com/online-fun/coaster-campout, null, Tony talks about the new in-park TV network, upcoming enthusiasts events, Luminosity, and more on the In The Loop podcast., Does FAA filing point to a new sling shot ride this season at Cedar Point? http://pointbuzz.com/Forums/Thread/30345.aspx, The winter weather isn't slowing down progress on the Gemini Midway. Tony has the latest - https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Gemini-Midway-Update, null, Listen to our interview with Cedar Point General Manager Jason McClure. The new boss talks about his background and the 2014 season. , Are you a fan of Crabfries? Philadelphia-based Chickie's and Pete's is coming to Cedar Point. http://chickiesandpetes.com, KDfansite, a fan site dedicated to Kings Dominion, recently posted plans for a campground expansion at the Virginia amusement park. One of the plans, however, shows a expansion is also in the works for Cedar Point's Lighthouse Point. http://kdfansite.com/2014/01/kings-dominion-camp-wilderness-expansion/, Sunny and -9ºF this morning at America's Roller Coast., Guests must be at least 72" tall to ride Snow Drift. http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/427893711989534720, You can help support this magical place AND get a behind-the-scenes winter tour at Cedar Point. Find out how at http://cpchillout.eventbrite.com/., Ty Pennington is working on a project for Give Kids The World. Tune in to Good Morning America on Friday to see the big reveal. You can give to this great charity AND get a behind-the-scenes winter tour at Cedar Point. Find out how at http://cpchillout.eventbrite.com., Tony has your first look at Monster's new paint scheme. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/RAWR, Cedar Fair announces new corporate roles to focus on merchandise, games, and the company's new in-house television network., Lots of great events coming up in 2014, including an opportunity to camp overnight inside the park., Kristy Williams and Jordan Sternberg join full-time staff., null, Cedar Point helps Sandusky's budget crunch, Cedar Point Winter Chill Out tickets are now on sale. Get your tickets now for this great event benefiting Give Kids The World! http://cedarpoint.com/chillout, Cedar Point Winter Chill Out, benefiting Give Kids The World, takes place on February 22. Tickets on sale Monday! http://cedarpoint.com/chillout, A coat of freshly-fallen snow blankets the Gemini Midway at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky. While the park is closed for the season, construction work continues on two of the park’s new rides, Pipe Scream and Lake Erie Eagles. The park opens May 10. Photo courtesy Cedar Point., https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/424292455047909376/, You'll soon have a chance to win a limited edition 2014 calendar from Cedar Point. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Save-the-Date, null, Anyone familiar with this Ohio city?, Snow covered ride in Kiddy Kingdom. http://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/420984169792290819, Tony shares some winter photos in the latest OnPoint blog entry. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Snow-And-lots-of-it, No, not Antarctica. Cedar Point. http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/420185621760446465, Check out Bay Harbor's new website.  http://www.bayharbordining.com, null, I think the beach is closed today. http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/418771164388130816, What's your top Cedar Point story of the year?, Even when you see it, you won't believe it., Merry Christmas!, null, Around 2,500 people participated in the second annual Santa Hustle Half Marathon and 5K at Cedar Point., null, null, null, Welcome to Ohio, home of the nuisance snow. An inch here, an inch there. Or what Atlanta would call "paralyzing.", null, Currently 18ºF in Sandusky, Ohio, with a stiff SW breeze pushing wind chills into the single digits. Workers continue to make progress on foundation work for Pipe Scream., United Airlines gave 25 deserving kids and their families a magical flight from Cleveland Hopkins Airport that included a chance to see the North Pole's lights (Cedar Point lit up for the journey). The once-a-year event gives terminally ill children and their families a much needed night off., On this day in 1978, Cedar Point announced their 1979 capital improvement plan, highlighted by the Wave Swinger, Jr. Gemini and a newer version of WildCat., null, null, Cedar Fair is participating in the Canvas for a Cause event. Up for bid is a picture of the Cedar Point coastline. All proceeds received for the artwork will be given to Give Kids the World. 

Learn more: http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1942, Work on Pipe Scream continues. http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/408671098511716352, Off-season photos from Cedar Point., In a series of blog posts, high school senior Wynn Turner shares his experience learning about various jobs in the amusement industry. In this post, he spends the day in the Cedar Point Marketing Department.  http://parkimpressions.blogspot.com/2013/11/day-3-amazement-park.html, In a series of blog posts, high school senior Wynn Turner shares his experience learning about various jobs in the amusement industry. In this post, he describes his day with Cedar Point's Ride Maintenance. http://parkimpressions.blogspot.com/2013/11/day-4-nuts-and-bolts-of-cedar-point.html, Renovations have begun on the historic Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point, which is part of a $60 million, three-year reinvestment in the three hotel properties located at or near the amusement park., In a series of blog posts, high school senior Wynn Turner shares his experience learning about various jobs in the amusement industry. In this post, he learns what it takes to operate the world's greatest amusement park. http://parkimpressions.blogspot.com/2013/11/day-7-operating-worlds-greatest.html, In a series of blog posts, high school senior Wynn Turner shares his experience learning about various jobs in the amusement industry. In this post, he learns about designing the guest experience at Cedar Point.  http://parkimpressions.blogspot.com/2013/11/day-7-designing-guest-experience.html, In a series of blog posts, high school senior Wynn Turner shares his experience learning about various jobs in the amusement industry. In this post, he talks about his day with Cedar Point's Planning and Design Department.  http://parkimpressions.blogspot.com/2013/11/day-4-awesome-by-design.html, A crew of 43 ride technicians are spending the winter rebuilding more than 200 ride cars that carry millions of people each summer., Leah & Jeff are celebrating their 1st year of marriage together. Like many others, they have a special connection to Cedar Point. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Happy-Anniversary, Cedar Point has up to 400 year-round workers on the peninsula, not counting the contractors who bid for some of the repair and renovation work. http://www.morningjournal.com/general-news/20131201/cedar-point-maintenance-begins-hotel-renovations, Tech systems becoming more important for Cedar Point, other amusement parks, Cedar Point announced maXair on this day in 2004., null, Cedar Point Santa Hustle Half Marathon and 5K - coming up on December 15., Michigan man suspected by police of bilking families of thousands of dollars in Cedar Point ticket scam., Hotel Breakers construction photo from @TonyClarkCP http://twitter.com/TonyClarkCP/status/405437963380613120, null, null, Pipe Scream footers from @BryanEdwardsCP https://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/405068854373535744, A.A. Boos & Sons has recently been recognized as one of the prestigious 2013 Build Ohio Award recipient. The company poured GateKeeper's station foundation and the more than 150 footers that keep the supports in place. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/A-Little-Kudos, null, Millennium Force trains, via @BryanEdwardsCP http://twitter.com/BryanEdwardsCP/status/403260486059171840, On this day in 2001, Cedar Point announced Wicked Twister, a 215-foot impulse roller coaster, would open for the 2002 season. The park also announced that the Cedar Point Cinema would be renovated into an ice skating theatre and renamed the Good Time Theatre. The new theatre will be home to "Snoopy Rocks! On Ice", Cedar Point's new coaster gets credit for Erie County's revenue increase. http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1939, PointCast Minute: Gemini Midway Update, Best seat? Not so much. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Best-Seat-Not-So-Much, null, Three-year old Emily Deming was recently diagnosed with brain cancer. Emily is the daughter of Dan Deming, Production Manager in Cedar Point’s Live Entertainment Department. Please donate to help with the family with medical and travel expenses for treatment., Follow Cedar Point's off-season construction with this new webcam: https://www.cedarpoint.com/online-fun/webcams, By number of riders, GateKeeper was 2013's winner with 2,165,965 rides given., null, Cedar Point’s Live Entertainment Department is auditioning talented entertainers and technicians to fill more than 130 positions for their 2014 season., CoasterMania is set for Friday, June 6, 2014., null, Cedar Point: Then and Now. Wednesday at Noon at the Sandusky Library. Cedar Point's Ann Marie Muehlhauser will explore the hidden history in the shadows of Cedar Point’s mammoth scream machines., Cedar Fair reports record third-quarter results; increases quarterly cash distribution by 12%, Cedar Fair's planning and design department talks new dark ride concept, shifts in company's attraction philosophy., Top Thrill Dragster and part of what's left of the Gemini Games Area., A few photos of track manufacturing for Top Thrill Dragster and Wicked Twister from Stakotra Manufacturing, Tony shows us just how big those front gate pumpkins are. http://twitter.com/tonyclarkcp, null, This PointCast was part of yesterday's blog post, but it is worth sharing separately., Ride on, John. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Ride-On-John, null, Cedar Point wasting no time getting ready for 2014. Photo by Tony Clark @tonyclarkcp http://twitter.com/tonyclarkcp, null, null, Cedar Point: Then and Now. November 13 at Noon. Part of the Brown Bag Lunch program at the Sandusky Library. Cedar Point's Ann Marie Muehlhauser will explore the hidden history in the shadows of Cedar Point’s mammoth scream machines., Cedar Point general manager John Hildebrandt is the special guest at noon today on “Between the Lines Live” at sanduskyregister.com. The program will air from the CP&LE Railroad Station., null, Sandusky school kids trick or treating at Cedar Point tonight. , Cedar Fair has amended its employment agreement with CEO Matt Ouimet to keep him on the job through at least 2016., Tony shares this photo of the Gold Dorms coming down at Cedar Point. A new dorm is currently under construction off the peninsula, next to Dairy Queen., Registration is now open for the Cedar Point Santa Hustle 5K on December 15, 2013 http://santahustle.com/cedar-point, Good times... hope to see you there next year!, Nice article about the 100th anniversary of the forward pass, including Cedar Point's prominent role. http://www.und.com/sports/m-footbl/spec-rel/101713aab.html, Cedar Point vows parking problems won't happen again; large crowd not a record. http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1932, null, Students from Mount Union will face their fears at Cedar Point this weekend. Dr. Kevin Meyer teaches the Abnormal Psychology course and is also one of our favorite contributors on the PointBuzz forums., null, Saturday of Columbus Day weekend is typically the busiest day of the season. But today's crowd was crazy even for Columbus Day weekend., Cedar Point: The Roller Coast. October 16 at Noon. Part of the Brown Bag Lunch program at the Sandusky Library. Dr. Speers, Associate Professor emeritus, BGSU, and founder of Physics Day at Cedar Point, will journey down memory lane, from the old favorite Blue Streak to the most recent spectacular GateKeeper. Dr. Speers will review the uniqueness of each roller coaster, and associate each with the technology of the times., Cedar Point: The Roller Coast - Wed., Oct. 16 at Noon at the Sandusky Library. Dr. Speers, Associate Professor emeritus, BGSU, and founder of Physics Day at Cedar Point, will journey down memory lane, from the old favorite Blue Streak to the most recent spectacular GateKeeper. Dr. Speers will review the uniqueness of each roller coaster, and associate each with the technology of the times., “Under the Baton” explores the role of music at Cedar Point as it grew into a popular resort. The premiere film screening is November 1 at the Sandusky Library. Dr. Steven Plank, Musicologist at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music, will provide in-depth insight and analysis into the musical compositions, the bands, and the instruments of the period, while Cedar Point Vice President and General Manager John Hildebrandt will present a narrative of the park’s history., Under the Baton: Music of Old Cedar Point chronicles the growth of Cedar Point through the rise and popularity of the concert band music, which was a major form of entertainment at the park in the late 19th and early 20th centuries., The Cedar Point test kitchen cooking up new potential treats for the midway. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/Mad-Scientist, Hotel Breakers exterior work underway. (Thanks to Patrick for the photo!), Tony goes behind-the-scenes on Top Thrill Dragster, Ohio Supreme Court to consider case of former Cedar Fair executive Jack Falfas, HalloWeekends - By The Numbers https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/By-The-Numbers, Zombie High School debuts at Cedar Point HalloWeekends http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1926, See more photos at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=748, Delbert still trying to get off the ground., Cedar Point announces the first ever Zombie Crawl. https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/The-First-Ever-Zombie-Crawl, On Friday, Cedar Point opens the doors to the new Zombie High School haunted house for the 17th season of HalloWeekends, REVOLUTION3 Triathlon is this weekend at Cedar Point., Preparations for HalloWeekends are well underway., null, You are cordially invited to the kickoff event for Cedar Point's 17th annual HalloWeekends! To be admitted into this event, you must 1) RSVP via the form online and 2) provide a valid membership card at check-in at the park on Friday the 13th. This invitation to open to any current member of a recognized coaster enthusiast group: American Coaster Enthusiasts, Club TPR, CoasterBuzz.com Club, Coaster Crew, Coaster Fusion Club, Coaster Zombies, Darkride and Funhouse Enthusiasts, European Coaster Club, Florida Coaster Club, Great Ohio Coaster Club, Mid-Atlantic Coaster Club, National Amusement Park Historical Association, Roller Coaster Club of Great Britain, and Western New York Coaster Club
 
Again, you must be a current card-carrying member of one of the above groups in order to attend.  Membership cards and identifications will be checked prior to admittance into the event. If you're bringing a guest or family member, they must also be a valid member of a recognized coaster club. Each individual attending the event MUST REGISTER SEPARATELY., Cedar Point announces plans for new family rides, changes to Camp Snoopy, Hotel Breakers renovation, null, 22nd annual American Red Cross Golf Challenge will take place on Friday, Sept. 13., A new group for former Cedar Point employees is gaining traction. Keep up with the progress on their Facebook page., Track all the clues leading up to Tuesday's announcement on our 2014 page., Curious about Cedar Point's 2014 plans? The park will announce their plans for next season on Tuesday., HalloWeekends kicks off September 13. https://www.cedarpoint.com/haunt, Michael Young, operations manager at the Cedar Point Marina, is fighting T-Cell Lymphoma and the boating community is rallying around him with a fundraising event., Cedar Point's Luminosity 2013 Full Show, null, Trying to gauge the interest of a potential event at Cedar Point. Would you be interested in attending an event featuring food and an in-depth discussion with Cedar Point staff of the park's new 2014 attraction? Take our poll and let us know. http://www.polljunkie.com/poll/wopbfp/potential-pointbuzz-event, Cedar Point using social media to manage customer expectations, null, Cedar Fair testing wristband payment for most purchases, The line for Iron Dragon is currently ... long, Cedar Point looking for hundreds of seasonal employees, including more than 300 Screamsters, for HalloWeekends., Cedar Point’s coal-powered railroad marks 50 years, Organizers hope to raise $1.5 million during 27th annual "Pedal to the Point" event., Cedar Point WindSeeker closed after malfunction at Carowinds, John Hildebrandt to retire at end of 2013., WindSeeker Official POV, Take a spin on Witches' Wheel. No Dramamine required., null, Former Screamster to star in Off-Broadway play., Update: The guest that was transported to Firelands Regional Medical Center has been treated and released., More details on the Shoot the Rapids incident., Shoot the Rapids boat flips, injuring riders. More details at http://www.sanduskyregister.com/article/4308286, null, One in a million. Literally. That’s the luck of Marie Saenz from Milford, Mich., who was the one millionth rider to take flight on GateKeeper - the tallest, fastest and longest wing coaster in the world.  Saenz was awarded a $500 Cedar Point shopping spree, a VIP tour of the park and exclusive access to GateKeeper for the rest of the season. GateKeeper now joins the ranks of legendary high-capacity rides at the park, such as Millennium Force, Raptor and Magnum XL-200. Courtesy / Cedar Point, null, null, null, null, The Coopers were called up on a stage to be honored in front of all the guests at the amusement park. But after a month and a half of planning and coordinating with Cedar Point, it was a surprise no one saw coming. Gunnery Sergeant Jason Cooper was actually at Cedar Point to reunite with his family., null, null, Fireworks explode in the sky over Cedar Point’s new wing roller coaster, GateKeeper, on Thursday, July 4, as the park celebrations the birth of the nation and honors all military men and women who continue to fight for freedom. Through Sunday, July 7, Cedar Point offers free admission to all active, retired or honorably-discharged members of the U.S. Armed Forces with valid ID and discounted tickets for their immediate family members. Cedar Point’s visitors can also enjoy a nightly display of fireworks and pyrotechnics at “Luminosity,” where music and dancing fill the park’s Celebration Plaza as the sun goes down.  The show runs every night except Tuesdays through Aug. 18., Chris Linder of Zambelli Fireworks places mortar tubes along the beach on Tuesday, July 2, in preparation for Cedar Point’s Fourth of July fireworks, which will ignite the night beginning at 10:30 p.m. Thursday. Employees from Zambelli, based in New Castle, Pa., will fill the mortar tubes with more than 1,500 shells, which are wired to a firing board. 

In addition to its famous fireworks show, Cedar Point will salute the U.S. Armed Forces July 4-7 by offering free admission to all active, retired or honorably-discharged military members with valid ID. Members of the Armed Forces can also purchase discounted tickets for their immediate family members for $39.99, saving $15., Snake River Falls had a little problem staying on track Saturday. The reality wasn't as bad as the photo makes it appear and ride was soon back in operation. Follow the discussion at http://pointbuzz.com/Forums/Thread/29730.aspx, Child returned to mother thanks to Amber Alert and good Samaritans on their way to Cedar Point., John Hoinden supervises rides at Cedar Point., TNT's All Access follows NASCAR driver Juan Pablo Montoya and family to Cedar Point., Cedar Point celebrates freedom with special offers for military, fun for all, On Friday at 11 a.m., Cedar Point is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the development of football's forward pass., null, null, null, Keeping Cedar Point roller coaster in shape is mean feat, null, null, For those on Skyhawk watch, the ride opened to guests this morning., Cedar Point’s Lee Alexakos still gets a rush from working in the travel and tourism industry., null, All Wheels Extreme is not to be missed. As seen on America's Got Talent, the cast includes two X Games gold medalists., Happiness is ... Snoopy opens today., Video from Fox 8 Cleveland on today's coaster enthusiast event., Matt Ouimet to keynote at industry trade show in November., Cramer-Krasselt wanted to capture the experience of coaster-riding in its new ad campaign for Cedar Fair., Photo gallery from the GMA GateKeeper shoot., If you missed the GMA GateKeeper segment, or want to watch it again, here it is ..., Hold on to your butts, and set your DVR's, but word on the street is that Good Morning America (on ABC) is finally going to air their GateKeeper segment tomorrow (Tuesday) morning. This was shot a week before media day., null, Snoopy Coaster is App of the Week on the App Store. Download free for the iPad., Cleveland Clinic Children’s and Cedar Point kick off partnership with Chevy Cruze car raffle, null, Coasting For Kids is less than 2 weeks away. Help us make a difference in the lives of children with life-threatening illnesses., null, null, null, null, null, Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet tells CNNMoney that consumers 'find value' in theme parks and that Cedar Point's new roller coaster, Gatekeeper, is his 'honor student.', Math & Science Week, Season Passholder Appreciation Weekend, and Student ID Weekend on the calendar this week at Cedar Point., Ouimet says Cedar Point had best opening weekend in 144 year history., CEO Ouimet to be interviewed at conference in analyst-led discussion., null, null, Photos from Ohio State Day, null, Photos from GateKeeper Media Day, null, GateKeeper opening day line, It's Opening Day! http://live.pointbuzz.com, In case you missed it yesterday, here's video of GateKeeper at night. Love the glowing eyes!, Great to finally meet Robb Alvey from Theme Park Review. Snoopy insisted we take a photo., We're live blogging at Cedar Point for Ohio State Day. Join us at http://live.pointbuzz.com , We’re live again at Cedar Point, this time for Ohio State Day. Follow along at http://live.pountbuzz.com, Continuing live coverage of GateKeeper's media day at Cedar Point. Join us at live.pointbuzz.com!, What was it like at 4:00am? http://youtu.be/D70Ts1tAzWg, If you're just waking up, the fun has already started at Cedar Point. Join us at live.pointbuzz.com!, And we're live at Cedar Point! Follow the fun all day at live.pointbuzz.com, Join us tomorrow for live coverage of GateKeeper's media day. The action starts at 4:00 a.m., Join us Thursday, Friday and Saturday for special live coverage of GateKeeper, as Cedar Point debuts its newest coaster., Karpinski Engineering provided electrical engineering design and mechanical engineering on hydraulic systems for GateKeeper., Cedar Point posts GateKeeper's point-of-view video https://www.cedarpoint.com/blog-article/online-fun/GateKeeper-POV, GateKeeper keeping watch over employee vehicles., Sandusky expecting revenue boost from GateKeeper, GateKeeper latest coaster project for Adena Corp., SenSource will provide pedestrian traffic counting equipment to record the number and time of day visitors exit the park., Partnership between Cedar Fair and BGSU is designed to develop and implement training programs for full-time and seasonal supervisors and help expand pipeline of well-trained and service-oriented employees., We're just about a week away from GateKeeper's debut. PointBuzz will be there in full force with special live event coverage on Media Day, Ohio State Day, and Opening Day. Stay tuned for details!, Tony gives everyone an update on the new front gate., 22nd annual Red Cross/Cedar Point Golf Challenge set for Friday, September 13., Season Passholder Appreciation Weekend will be held Friday, May 17 through Sunday, May 19., Program offers discounted tourism experiences at Cedar Point and other Ohio attractions with large Coca-Cola beverage purchase., Tony shares a photo of the nearly complete queue., Annie Zelm talks to WNWO http://youtu.be/A7_UuMZdYL8, Blue Streak sustains minor damage when dump truck strikes ride., Court rules Cedar Fair exec Jack Falfas should get his job back, Cedar Point 2013 park map available., null, Ouimet trying to convince Ohio to increase its out-of-state advertising., null, A video tour of Cedar Point from 1990., null, Annie Zelm joined Vindy Talk Radio in Youngstown to talk about GateKeeper (interview begins at 2h 4m 30s mark), null, From Cedar Point on Twitter, a look at the new LED signs at the main gate., Sky Ride officially opened on June 9, 1962. Cedar Point ordered the ride from Von Roll in late spring of 1961. The towers, cables, and passenger buckets arrived from Berne, Switzerland in early May, 1962. Total cost for the project was $300,000., null, Cedar Point announces GateKeeper auction benefiting Cleveland Clinic Children's Hospital and United Way of Erie County., GateKeeper tops the list, but there lots more to do this summer in Ohio., Tried this an hour ago, but looks like it never posted. So, once again, your first look at GateKeeper in action., Watch for a new PointCast tomorrow., GateKeeper will be running eight hours a day, seven days a week for the next four weeks, as the park checks all safety devices., null, null, April 4 testing photos, courtesy Cedar Point, Cedar Point’s new wing roller coaster, GateKeeper, takes flight as a part of the initial testing procedures before the coaster and park open for the upcoming season. GateKeeper will take guests up a 170-foot-tall lift hill overlooking the historic Cedar Point Beach, before flipping them upside down six times along 4,164 feet of steel track.  GateKeeper will help Cedar Point break seven world records when it debuts with the rest of Cedar Point on the park’s Opening Day, Saturday, May 11., GateKeeper's first flight was "breathtaking success", Indications are that GateKeeper had a successful first flight this afternoon., Here's the scoop for coaster club members who want to attend GateKeeper's media day on May 9. http://www.cedarpoint.com/media-center/first-to-fly, null, null, New GateKeeper photos from Cedar Point, Interested in bringing your group to Cedar Point? Check out the park's 2013 Group Savings Guide at http://www.cedarpoint.com/images/uploads/file/Small%20Group%20Mailer_web.pdf, The 2013 Cedar Point Marina brochure, now available for downloading. (PDF file), The new main gate is really starting to take shape., GateKeeper is latest in long list of Cedar Point projects for Ohio-based contractor., null, Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-OH, speaking at the GateKeeper construction site, recognized project leaders and local workers who have been instrumental in Cedar Point's $30 million project (Photo courtesy Cedar Point) http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1866, Sen. Sherrod Brown will hold a press conference today at Cedar Point to discuss the park's impact on job creation and tourism., Eric Lapp (right) and Jeff Durbin (left) from Cedar Point’s maintenance division get their first look at a train on the track of the new GateKeeper roller coaster Friday at the 364-acre amusement park.  Riders on GateKeeper will fly through a wing-coaster record 4,164 feet of track along Lake Erie and across the park’s redesigned main entrance.  The ride will also set world records for the longest drop (165 feet), tallest inversion (170 feet), the most inversions (six) and fastest speed (67 miles per hour) of any wing coaster.  Cedar Point and GateKeeper open to the general public for the 2013 season May 11. Photo courtesy Cedar Point., Cedar Point adds "Plus" option to Fast Lane for GateKeeper and Top Thrill Dragster., The first two GateKeeper trains are assembled and on the track., null, null, null, Tony needs your help in finding locations for the park's webcams., null, See GateKeeper's trains in photos from today's off-season tour at Cedar Point and Give Kids The World fundraiser!, A huge thanks to everyone who came out to Cedar Point today, helping us raise $7,000 for Give Kids The World! We hope you enjoyed the presentation and getting a sneak peek at GateKeeper. And thanks to our friends at Cedar Point and Lake Erie Shores & Islands® Welcome Center for all of your help!, Check out our Twitter feed for updates from today's event. http://twitter.com/pointbuzz , Want to see GateKeeper up close and in person? Tickets are available for this Saturday's off-season tour. If you missed out before, here's your chance to attend. Hurry! The deadline for ticket sales is Friday at noon., Tickets are again available for Saturday's event. If you missed out before, here's your chance to attend. Hurry! The deadline for ticket sales is Friday at noon., Looks like we're going to be able to accommodate more people for the Cedar Point construction tour Saturday... Stay tuned to the PointBuzz forums!, null, null, null, This year marks the 50th anniversary of the CP&LE Railroad. Cedar Point will pay tribute this summer with a celebration weekend, June 22-23., null, null, null, Because it seemed appropriate. :), Tony Clark is BACK!, Today feels like an exciting Monday., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cedar Point hosting a private event for the Ohio State University Alumni Association on Friday, May 10., Read about Flat Stanley's visit to Cedar Point and find out how you can win an exclusive GateKeeper prize package., Details on this year's Platinum Pass Perks have been posted. Perks include early entry, exclusive ride nights, deals on food and merchandise, and more., null, OnPoint has your first look at GateKeeper's trains, GateKeeper track work more than 80 percent finished, with all but 18 of the 102 track pieces in place., Keep calm? Never! New t-shirt now available., "Everybody has a memory of a first ride as a kid. If you can still remember that 40 to 50 years later, it says a lot about the importance of delivering that experience to a guest.", null, Luminosity headlines the 2013 Live Entertainment line-up., If the Cleveland Indians ever decide to adopt a new identity, baseball writer Rob Neyer suggests using Cedar Point as inspiration., Cedar Point GM John Hildebrandt says GateKeeper's track should be 100% installed by next week., null, Cedar Fair reports third consecutive year of record revenues & adjusted EBITDA., null, Carpenters are restoring the floor at Cedar Downs., null, Coasting For Kids registration is now open!, VertiGo had one of the shortest lifespans of any Cedar Point attraction., GateKeeper construction photos from this afternoon., GateKeeper minimum rider height will be 52"., A chance for Walt to give a Cedar Point-related shout out to his alma mater. Penn State's Theme Park Engineers group recently traveled to Cedar Point for a tour of GateKeeper. We Are!, Details for CoasterMania 2013 are now available, Workers start putting up track that ties into GateKeeper's first keyhole, Cedar Point is recruiting at least 5,000 seasonal employees for more than 70 types of jobs., White Water Landing operated at Cedar Point for 24 seasons, before being removed to make way for Maverick., Second keyhole installation is scheduled for Tuesday., Keyhole photo gallery, courtesy Cedar Point., null, New coaster construction brings business to local companies during the winter months when construction work usually comes to a halt., null, null, null, null, Installation of the first keyhole tower piece started this morning., null, Order a PointBuzz t-shirt between now and Jan. 30 and get free shipping with coupon code: FREELOVE http://pointbuzz.com/c/tshirts.aspx, Check out our gallery of old ride character signs., null, Cedar Point introduces Easy Pay program to resort properties, allowing guests to pay for vacation over four payments., The latest update from the official Cedar Point blog., First keyhole tower section for GateKeeper arrives at Cedar Point, null, Cedar Point seeking Director of Communications, null, Keyhole facts and photos of site prep in the latest post from OnPoint., null, null, Monday Memories: The Berenstain Bears were first introduced to Cedar Point in 1983. In 1985, they were given a home in the former Earthquake ride building, now home to Snoopy Boutique. Then, in 1992, an expanded Berenstain Bear Country opened on the site that is now Planet Snoopy. The Bears final season at Cedar Point was 1998, with the introduction of the PEANUTS gang coming in 1999., With the construction of GateKeeper at Cedar Point underway, executives from parent company Cedar Fair decided to tour the birthplace of B&M roller coasters, in Batavia, Ohio., Cedar Fair CEO: Staycations here to stay, null, One of Cedar Point's webcams has been moved to offer a nice view of the construction at the main gate., A look at GateKeeper's keyhole tower, inside Clermont Steel Fabricators., New photos available on our GateKeeper page., Photo courtesy Cedar Point, null, http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1842, null, Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks unveil Opening Day 2013 logo., Colleen shares new GateKeeper and Front Gate construction photos., null, http://pointbuzz.com/c/gatekeeper.aspx, null, Cedar Point's Live Entertainment Division will host open auditions from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Friday, Jan. 4, null, Cleveland native Jim Brickman will be back performing in his home town on Saturday. Before he hit it big, Brickman spent 12 years writing ad jingles. Those included two for Cedar Point – the Summertime Blues campaign as well as this classic ..., null, A true classic., null, The Chris Smith 5K Challenge will be held at Cedar Point on Sunday, June 16, 2013., Cedar Point press release and complete photo gallery at http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1838, Santa Hustle course takes runners by GateKeeper., null, Fantastic photo of GateKeeper's lift hill from Cedar Point's Bryan Edwards., null, John Hildebrandt shares a photo of GateKeepers Immelmann loop on Twitter., Cedar Point has released its 2013 operating schedule, Former Cedar Point GM's Custer car featured on History Channel show., Cedar Point hosts Santa Hustle Half Marathon and 5K on Sunday, A few non-GateKeeper photos from Cedar Point. More at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=721, null, Colleen takes readers on a tour of the new Ride Amazement Shop., Last night, Cedar Point helped light the way to the North Pole. United Airlines treated approx. 150 kids with very serious illnesses and their families to a special flight to the pole with the park helping to light the way., A few foggy photos from earlier today., Wing over drop meets lift hill, null, null, null, Cedar Fair to invest $60M to restore old hotels and beach properties at Cedar Point, View the entire 50+ photo gallery from Dec. 1 on our GateKeeper page - http://pointbuzz.com/c/gatekeeper.aspx, GateKeeper lift hill sitting tall on the Cedar Point Beach., Photos courtesy Cedar Point - http://pointbuzz.com/c/gatekeeper.aspx, Cedar Point's webcam shows the topping off of GateKeeper is underway., OnPoint goes behind-the-scenes, null, null, Cedar Point shared some photos today showing construction of GateKeeper's lift hill., Meet Cedar Point's new blogger and see GateKeeper construction photos., Cedar Point in the Civil War, null, null, null, Improvements coming to Cedar Point's hotels., Cedar Fair reports net revenues increased $37 million, or 4% through October. Company also announced 2013 cash distribution will increase to $2.50 per limited partner unit, up from $1.60 per unit in 2012., null, More photos on our GateKeeper page at http://pointbuzz.com/c/gatekeeper.aspx, More photos on our GateKeeper page at http://pointbuzz.com/c/gatekeeper.aspx, null, Santa Hustle Half Marathon & 5k Run/Walk coming to Castaway Bay and Cedar Point on Dec. 16., Cedar Fair announces the Coca-Cola Company as official beverage sponsor., null, Cedar Fair announces extended partnership with the ICEE Company at Cedar Point and other Cedar Fair parks., Cedar Fair, which three years ago saw the price of its stock dip to around $6 a share, posted a record-high share price on Wednesday., Additions make Cedar Point HalloWeekends more of a scream, Photo tour of new Eden Musee Wax Museum and Chamber of Horrors, Eden Musee Wax Museum & Chamber of Horrors pays tribute to Cedar Point's history., Walk around Cedar Point courtesy of Google Street View, GateKeeper construction photos posted to Cedar Point's official Flickr account., Fast Lane will return to Cedar Point in 2013., PointBuzz member shows off his Cedar Point pumpkin., Cedar Point not sure if WindSeeker will open before the end of the operating season., South Carolina inspectors find nothing wrong with WindSeeker at Carowinds, but inspectors in California still concerned., Cedar Point commercial, circa 1983., GateKeeper construction photos., Students becomes Screamsters at Cedar Point’s HalloWeekends, null, More GateKeeper photos and video coming later on PointBuzz., Insert Space Spiral here., GateKeeper construction overview., A great review of HalloWeekends, plus a chance to win four Cedar Point tickets., Buy your official PointBuzz t-shirt and get 5% off any order OR free shipping on orders over $50.  Three designs to choose from: United Coaster Riders, Trip Report, and the popular Price of Fur., A few photos from rehearsals for Skeleton Crew, debuting this weekend at Cedar Point., null, null, A donation from Cedar Point is helping the Sandusky Police Department., null, We've posted the official photos and video from Cedar Point of Space Spiral's demise, on our GateKeeper construction page., Space Spiral gone from the Cedar Point skyline as park takes down tower this morning., Enhancement positions Cedar Fair theme parks among first attractions to leverage new iPhone functionality, Space Spiral will be demolished this week while the park is closed., Cedar Point wins "best park" and Millennium Forced voted "best steel coaster.", The Cedar Point REV3 Triathlon is Sunday., Cedar Point puts Paddlewheel Excursion boats on eBay., Cedar Fair reports net revenues up approximately $40 million, or 5%, through Labor Day year-over-year., Labor Day marks the end of summer for most, but Cedar Point is offering guests an extension on their vacation with Bonus Weekend this Friday, Saturday and Sunday., Company hired to unify casting for Cedar Fair’s global print and video campaign for Wonderland and Cedar Point., People find it hard to beat carnival games, but one car salesman has been winning hundreds of thousands of stuffed animals all his life., http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=701, Space Spiral has made its final run. Troika closed for the season, will return next year., Bring the whole family together and let someone else do the work while you save money and treat yourself to a picnic this weekend., null, Park recognizes the challenges of keeping the details of a new ride secret, but embraces the publicity., New Disaster Transport demolition photos., Here are a few photos of Cedar Point's new food truck, including a look at both the in-park and out-of-park menus., GateKeeper video is now online. Watch the complete announcement and the Q&A session that followed., null, Watch Cedar Point's beginning at 3:30pm EDT live at http://pointbuzz.com/c/cedar-point-2013.aspx, null, Watch Cedar Point's 2013 announcement live tomorrow on PointBuzz. Coverage begins shortly before 3:30 pm EDT., GKTW has some delicious Diaster Transport stuff to auction off. Bid early, bid often!, null, Revenues were up approximately 3%, on a 4% increase in average in-park guest per capita spending and a 2% increase in out-of-park revenues., Leftover pieces from the Disaster Transport entrance sign are now on Give Kids The World's eBay. 100% of the purchase price benefits GKTW., null, Progress continues today on the removal of Disaster Transport., The new Cedar Point food truck makes an appearance on the beach. Menu includes perch sliders and blackened grouper sandwiches., Share your Cedar Point construction photos between now and the end of the season. Find out how., Demolition Transport. (Thanks, Matt Doak!), null, Don't miss your chance to bid for a ride on the Goodyear Blimp as it flies over Cedar Point on August 16., Cedar Point will announce its plans for 2013 on Monday, August 13 at 3:30 p.m. with an event at the park's main entrance gate., null, null, See more photos at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=678, See more photos at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=677, A 3-year-old boy was injured Sunday morning when a car struck him in the parking lot of a Cedar Point hotel., The final minutes for public rides on Disaster Transport., Disaster Transport closes forever Sunday http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1793, Cedar Point sells Michigan property, Stock up on savings for Cedar Point, See the complete photo set at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=676, null, Parts for "roller coaster" showing up at Cedar Point (via PointBuzz user cpenthusiast), Aug 11: Ride for a Reason - to support the mission of the Arthritis Foundation, July 27-29: Firefighter Combat Challenge at Cedar Point http://www.firefighter-challenge.com, Cedar Point season passholder deal: Bring a friend for $19.99 all day Sunday OR after 5 p.m. any day for $14.99., Have Cedar Point news delivered to your inbox or via text message., Cedar Point hosts Ohio Valley junior sand volleyball regional championship, null, July 29 final ride event for Disaster Transport benefits Give Kids The World., null, New rides and attractions, combined with enhanced guest experiences and improved consumer messaging, drive visitors to parks in early summer season., Pop singer brings her No. 1 hit to Celebration Plaza., Cedar Point was ready for Sunday storm., null, null, Tonight, Nik Wallenda successfully walked across Niagara Falls on a tightrope. Here are photos from his 2009 walk at Cedar Point., Coasting for Kids 2012 photo gallery., Save 15% on a PointBuzz t-shirt with coupon code FATHERSDAY12 - valid through tomorrow., null, Check out our new shirt, a tribute to a true Paddlewheel Excursions legend. Additional items available at http://pointbuzz.spreadshirt.com, On Sunday, coaster enthusiasts will be Coasting for Kids at Cedar Fair parks around the country. All money goes to Give Kids The World, a magical resort in Orlando where kids who face life-threatening illnesses can be kids. Please consider a donation to this great cause., null, Watch our video tour of Cedar Point's new dinosaur-themed attraction Dinosaurs Alive, The Sandusky Register is reporting this morning that a B&M Wing Coaster is coming to Cedar Point in 2013. , http://youtu.be/FzjFpsY8byw, null, Carly Rae Jepsen live at Cedar Point, July 7., null, Cedar Point fans debate new Fast Lane passes , See our photo coverage from opening day, including Dinosaurs Alive and the new Celebration Plaza. , Photos from Opening Day, Check out our coverage from Cedar Point's opening day. More updates on the way. http://pointbuzz.com/c/opening-day-2012-live.aspx, Can't make it to Cedar Point on Saturday? Join us for live coverage of the park's 143rd opening day., Dinosaurs Alive! attendees will have a chance to win one K’NEX 20-Model Dinosaur Building Set each day of the operating season., Cedar Point Season Pass Center open for early processing, null, Cedar Point has announced it will remove WildCat prior to opening day in an effort to expand its new Celebration Plaza.  , DVR Alert - May 8, 10:00 PM - On the Travel Channel's show "Off Limits," Don Wildman checks roller coasters with the maintenance crew at Cedar Point., Another preview of the new Giant Wheel lighting., Via CoasterBuzz -- Matt Ouimet: Being the CEO of a billion dollar amusement park company, Thank you to PointBuzzer Robert1282 for sharing this video. , Cedar Point has announced Platinum Pass Perks for the upcoming season. The list includes some great food discounts. , null, "Food will always be more expensive in amusement parks than it is outside, but you should enjoy it. Whatever you decide to buy here, you should feel good about it. If I buy a $9 hamburger and it’s not great, I’m thinking, 'I just got ripped off.'", Merry-Go-Round Museum Unveils 2012 Carousel Exhibit, Crave™ will become the exclusive "flavored milk" at select Cedar Fair properties nationwide., Ouimet aims to innovate while honoring past., null, Dinosaurs roar into Cedar Point, null, null, View our extensive list of what's new at Cedar Point in 2012. http://pointbuzz.com/c/cedar-point-2012.aspx , null, null, null, null, Toledo ABC affiliate interviews Cedar Fair CEO Matt Ouimet, Cedar Fair full-year net revenues up 5.2% from 2010., Ohio man's fire engine collection includes 1923 Ford Model-T fire truck originally used at Cedar Point., Toledo ABC affiliate with a look at early construction of Dinosaurs Alive., "I'm a thrill seeker so I look forward to things like cliff diving and the roller coasters at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio," Banks noted. , null, null, null, null, "Roller Coaster Capital of the World" finishes in 4th place in Ohio license plate slogan vote., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, More photos available at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=663, null, null, null, null, null, Off-season event on December 17. Click the link for details., null, null, null, null, null, Crazy. 
(Via Fox Toledo - http://bit.ly/jJmHTC), null, Perfect weather plus Columbus Day Weekend? Sounds like a recipe for Cedar Point's biggest attendance weekend of 2011., Bob Wagner named Corporate Vice President, Strategic Alliances; Scott Tanner named Corporate Vice President, Sales, Beachwood High School seniors tap tweeting skills for Cedar Point, First Scott Safety Firefighter Combat Challenge will be held at Cedar Point on Sept. 30 and Oct. 1. , Dick Kinzel interview starts around the 31 minute mark., null, null, null, null, null, Capt. Dick boards the final boat., Paddlewheel crew poses for photos., null, null, null, null, Toledo Blade captures opinions from PointBuzz users on Dinosaurs Alive., Another fantastic look at the Cedar Point of the past. , null, null, A fantastic look at Cedar Point in the 1980s. , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, More photos from the event are available at http://pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=659, Click through to learn how you can help., null, Video interview with Matthew Ouimet, null, null, null, null, Two nights of fireworks highlight Cedar Point’s Fourth of July celebration http://pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1687, null, STINGER joins last year's STRATOSOAR in mystery Cedar Fair trademark filings, null, null, null, Former Disney exec will be new CEO, null, null, null, July 13 event for Arthritis Foundation. For $125, you get an exclusive hour of unlimited rides on Millennium Force before the park opens to the public, early admission ticket to the park for the entire day, parking, and a free appetizer at Bay Harbor Inn that evening with the purchase of an entree. Only 93 tickets will be sold., Coasting for Kids is back at Cedar Point and 10 other Cedar Fair parks on July 24. The fundraiser benefits Give Kids The World Village., null, null, null, null, Coaster enthusiasts filling up the Cedar Point Convention Center for the CoasterMania keynote., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, WindSeeker should be open by the end of the month., Foggy start to 2011 season., Cedar Point MyPark app now available for iPhone and Android. Join the PointBuzz group under Friend Finder using the code PBUZZ. , null, null, null, New details this morning on the dispute between Dick Kinzel and Jack Falfas., null, WindSeeker won't be ready by Cedar Point's opening day, null, null, null, null, Will you take advantage of the cheap May ticket?, null, A little different spin on this year's VIP event -- a $100 donation to the Red Cross for an evening of WindSeeker rides, Pink's hot dogs, and a live show. Are you planning to go?, null, null, The Cedar Point 5K Challenge will take runners along the park’s legendary midways., null, null, PointBuzz Members: Join us in Sandusky on April 2!, MouseZoom is on the air! We've soft-launched a new sister site, dedicated to covering Walt Disney World with beautiful photos and a new community forum., Marathon Petroleum Company LP to sponsor new nighttime show at Cedar Point, null, null, Hollywood Landmark Pink’s To Open at Cedar Point This Summer, null, Q Funding wants a special meeting for a vote on a proposal permitting shareholders to nominate board directors., Cedar Point Announces The Cedar Point K’NEX Great Thrill Ride Build-Off, null, null, Cedar Fair announces appointment of C. Thomas Harvie as non-executive, independent chairman of the Board of Directors, effective immediately., What's next for Cedar Fair? Company nearing crossroads as critical decisions loom., Q Funding disputes Kinzel claim regarding meeting Raynor. Also says it wants dividend proposal implemented despite narrow defeat., Cedar Point to pour WindSeeker foundation using 1,600 tons of concrete tomorrow., Sandusky Register article updated with video from post-meeting press conference., Cedar Fair unitholders vote overwhelmingly to appoint new chairman with no previous ties to company. Dividend vote too close to call., Cedar Fair attendance improves 7.8% from 2009., A few winter photos from the snowy midways of Cedar Point, null, 10 minute clip of highlights from Grand Old Country., null, null, Cedar Fair announces special meeting date after Texas 
investment banker Raynor and his companies filed a lawsuit accusing 
Cedar Fair of stalling in setting the date., Korn/Ferry International to assist Cedar Fair with final phase of succession planning process., Lawsuits part of the amusement park business, Cedar Point donated $500,000 to the Sandusky Blue Streak Booster Club on Thursday, enabling Sandusky High School to install long-sought-after turf at Strobel Field., Fred Palascak is one of the star coaches for ABC's 
"Skating with the Stars." The pro, along with wife Melanie Lambert, starred in "Snoopy's Summer Vacation" at Cedar Point in 2005 and 2006., Cedar Fair vote planned on removing chairman., Despite a rough economy, the business of fun remains strong for the parent company of Cedar Point., Kinzel - "I'm only going to be here one more year.", Transformer fire at Cedar Point on Wednesday. 50 people evacuated from nearby buildings., Q Investments refiles bid to replace Kinzel as Cedar Fair chairman, Cedar Point's strong season gives the city of Sandusky an unexpected surplus., Q Investments wants Cedar Fair to separate the Chairman of the Board and CEO roles., null, null, CoasterBuzz's fifth annual BooBuzz event takes place Fri., Oct. 15. Enjoy exclusive ride time on Millennium Force, a special behind-the-scenes tour of one of the haunted houses with lights on and discussion about the set up, plus a catered meal inside the Convention Center., Psychology students use 'exposure therapy' to conquer coaster-phobia, Photos from Friday night., Mean Streak's season comes to early end. Fire causes minor damage, but park already planned to shut ride down., Small fire on Mean Streak causes insignificant damage, James Cunnama of South Africa and the United States’ Amy Marsh came up big on Sunday with wins at the inaugural Rev3 Cedar Point triathlon., Watch the Revolution3 Triathlon live from Cedar Point., Cedar Point wins 13th consecutive "Best Amusement Park" award., null, null, Cedar Fair says patent dispute won't halt development of new rides, Cedar Point announces WindSeeker, a 301-foot tall Mondial WindSeeker, as their new ride for the 2011 season., Cedar Point To Host Biggest In-Water Show On Great Lakes, Budweiser Clydesdales to Visit Cedar Point on Sunday, Aug. 29, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cedar Fair had filed a trademark application for "STRATOSOAR" Perhaps we have a name for Cedar Point's new ride., Check out our new photo gallery from Cedar Point's ice show., null, null, null, Bid now on this once-in-a-lifetime experience., null, null, null, null, Our 2011 Watch page has been updated, including info on where the new thrill ride will be located., Three firefighters injured in Cedar Point maintenance building blaze. Two-story, 5,000-square-foot structure a total loss., Maintenance structure fire at Cedar Point. Sheriff's dispatchers confirmed working fire at park. http://ow.ly/27TN8, Join
 the discussion as we talk about Cedar Point's new thrill ride., Kinzel says new thrill ride, to be announced in
 mid-August, will "bring back a lot of memories for people that 
follow Cedar Point.", null, Grab your official PointBuzz July desktop 
wallpaper calendar., null, Special entertainment, delicious meals, and money saving deals available at Cedar Point during the Fourth of July Weekend http://ow.ly/24rUI, null, Volunteers need for triathlon at Cedar Point in September http://ow.ly/249dV, New photos from today's Shoot the Rapids opening., null, Shoot the Rapids gets big thumbs up from auction winners. Public opening up next. Minimum rider height changed from 42" to 46". Still 48" to ride alone., If you're in NE Ohio and you're a fan of Cedar Point and baseball, June 27 is Peanuts Family Fun Day for the @LECrushers http://ow.ly/23mA0, Cedar Point is scheduled to open Shoot the Rapids this Saturday, June 26, Seven NHRA drivers will meet fans at Cedar Point on Monday, June 28. http://ow.ly/22QoN, Shoot the Rapids: nothing new to report - CP PR: "I think it’s going to happen before too long, but I don’t have a date" http://ow.ly/22ugf, Cedar Fair announces the promotion of Lee Ann Alexakos http://ow.ly/21YfW, null, null, Sandusky police arrest three men for allegedly breaking into Famous Dave’s at Cedar Point this morning. http://ow.ly/1ZVtE, Resignation of Cedar Fair COO Jack Falfas, first reported by CoasterBuzz on June 12, is confirmed by Cedar Fair in SEC filing., Current Arizona Cardinals and former Ohio State running back Beanie Wells visits Cedar Point on Friday http://ow.ly/1ZLJO, American Heroes Weekend and Father’s Day: Savings, Food and Fun For Everyone http://ow.ly/1ZLHy, null, Cedar Point to host Salute Education Weekend. Educators can save $13.99 per ticket. http://ow.ly/1VNnb, Cedar Fair appoints Eric Affeldt and John M. Scott III to Board of Directors http://ow.ly/1VJms, Better-Fitting boats ordered for Cedar Point water ride. http://ow.ly/1VA5i, Cedar Fair's Kinzel gets earful at annual meeting http://ow.ly/1VA3L, Cedar Fair reports limited partners have re-elected Ferreira, Kinzel and Harvie to Board. http://ow.ly/1VomL, Cedar Fair shareholders want dividend restored http://ow.ly/1Voke, Video and audio from Friday's keynote., State inspection to certify Shoot the Rapids was cut short Tues when park said they weren't ready to complete inspection http://ow.ly/1UHNt, null, Walter Bolliger, the man behind Cedar Point's Raptor and Mantis, will speak to over 1,000 coaster enthusiasts tonight at the park. PointBuzz will carry his talk live at 7:30pm EDT., Can't make it to CoasterMania? We'll be live streaming Walter Bolliger's keynote. Friday, 7:30pm EDT at http://ow.ly/1TyRc #coastermania, Help out one of our favorite charities... Give Kids The World! Your vote costs nothing, but helps out kids with life threatening illness get away for a few days. There's $250,000 at stake for the village!, Placekicker Phil Dawson to visit Cedar Point on June 4. Dawson will meet fans from 12-1:30 p.m. near Game Day Grille http://ow.ly/1SCVq, Help Give Kids The World win a $250,000 grant from Pepsi http://cstr.bz/35wm, @websitejeff: http://twitpic.com/1sial4 the top two cedar fair honchos -- a bit wet, you see -- are now learning the joys of water bombing others. =), @websitejeff: Dick Kinzel and co. are riding Shoot the Rapids right now, first ride!, Keeping Cedar Point pretty - Tom Roberts is in charge of the park's lush landscaping http://ow.ly/1RM2V, Two New Offerings at Cedar Point: Rock Band, Live and a Breakfast with the PEANUTS Characters http://ow.ly/1REIr, VIP auction winner is told by Red Cross that Cedar Point's Shoot the Rapids will not open tomorrow as planned http://ow.ly/1R6xd, Memorial Day Weekend at Cedar Point to be Filled with Music, Lights and Gravity-Defying Stunts http://ow.ly/1QOQS, null, null, null, Our coverage of Cedar Point's opening day., null, We'll be posting photos live from Cedar Point's opening day. Check out our special live photo album using the link below., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Bidding is open for VIP rides on Shoot the Rapids, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Not as impressive as last month's image, but striking nonetheless., You can save big with Cedar Point's new resort package promotion., null, null, null, null, A trip to Cedar Point is featured in the Showcase Showdown. Click the second dot from the right to get to the segment, about 32:00 into the show., null, null, null, null, Sign of the approaching season -- the 2010 rack brochure., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cedar Point in the fog. Thanks to PointBuzz member "Get To The Point" for sharing this in the PointBuzz forums., null, null, null, Congratulations to HalloWeekends favorite Chris Linn for winning the "Entertainer of the Year" Spotlight Award!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, David and his parents, Jungle Larry and Safari Jane, entertained and educated for years at Cedar Point., null, null, null, null, null, Sandusky Register is looking for couples who met while working at Cedar Point. Click the link for details., null, Cleveland Plain Dealer's front page, 39 years ago., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cedar Fair proxy statement posted on SEC web site, null, null, null, null, null, Server went down for nearly two hours overnight, still looking for answers from the host., Walt Disney World ... Like you've never seen it before, Chris Linn has been selected as a finalist for the Event Solutions Magazine's Spotlight Award for ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR. Help support our favorite Magical Funnyman by voting at http://www.event-solutions.com. Click the "VOTE NOW" graphic to be taken to the ballot form. Only ONE vote per email address is allowed., We've updated a few of the video pages to high definition. No downloading, just visit the pages! Includes the Starlight Experience and last year's two new haunts., null, null, null, null, Three new articles today on the Cedar Fair acquisition., null, Check out our Cedar Fair acquisition page for the latest news, including the merger agreement., null, null, Kinzel tells Register that management company has "no interest in getting involved in the day-to-day business aspects" of operation, null, null, BREAKING NEWS -- Apollo Management expected to acquire Cedar Fair, null, Fill-A-Bag sale returns to Castaway Bay. All-you-can-fit into a bag for $10 plus tax. Apparel, souvenirs and more. Dec. 12 from 11 a.m. - 5 p.m., null, null, null, null, null, null, Pay $10 for all you can stuff in a merchandise bag at Castaway Bay on Nov 27 from 10a-6p. Plush, souvenirs, apparel and other unique items., Cedar Point has given nearly $4,000 worth of food to Salvation Army, Victory Temple Soup Kitchen and Care and Share, null, null, null, null, null, Carousel Conference visits Cedar Point, See how monsters are made up at Cedar Point's HalloWeekends., All of Cedar Point's outdoor scare zones will be open 6-8pm on Sunday, I posted a video "experiment" with a new camera I used at Cedar Point. Let me know what you think!, null, null, null, null, Final season for Demon Drop at Cedar Point. Knott Berry Farm confirms ride headed to the California amsuement park., Is this Demon Drop's final season at Cedar Point? What does the future hold for that section of the park?, null, If you're missing your daily PointBuzz fix, don't fear. Our host is physically moving our server, but we'll be back up soon., null, null, null, null, null, Look at all that unused land. And here I thought Cedar Point was out of room for expansion. :), null, null, null, Shoot the Rapids construction webcam is now online., null, null, Cedar Point turns it up a notch for their 13th HalloWeekends event. I came away from the haunt preview seriously impressed. HalloWeekends kicks off on Friday!, Passholder Appreciation Weekend - Sept 11-13. 2010 Season Passes on sale, special deals, Exclusive Ride Time and more., http://www.halloweekends.com/, 2009 PointCast Episode Three: Shoot the Rapids, null, Your one-stop shop for everything Shoot the Rapids., Join us at PointBuzz to discuss Cedar Point's new ride, Shoot the Rapids., null, Cedar Point announces Shoot the Rapids, a $10.5 Million flume ride, new for 2010., null, null, null, null, Cedar Point Employees Reunion, null, null, null, All the Cedar Point 2010 information you can handle, on one convenient page, null, A bottle of Crystal Rock's finest would hit the spot., null, null, null, null, null, null, For Cedar Point fans in Cleveland ..., null, null, null, G.E. Boeckling's Eerie Estate and Happy Jack's Toy Factory new for HalloWeekends, null, null, Help PointBuzz get a little traction on Digg... Digg up our photos of Wallenda's wire walk!, null, null, null, Christmas in July wraps up at Cedar Point, All of Cedar Point's 2009 commercials are now online on the park's web site., null, null, Video clip from WNWO - Toledo, null, null, The schedule for Nik Wallenda’s Sky Ride walk at Cedar Point has been changed to 5 p.m. on Sunday, July 26., Many of us here are season passholders, but I'd encourage everyone to bring a toy to donate, even if you don't need the coupon., null, null, null, Fan Appreciation Week and an early Christmas celebration headline upcoming events., null, null, null, Fourth of July fun at Cedar Point, Make sure to click the "HD" button!, null, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Riib266u23E, Vote early and often for Top Thrill Dragster and Millennium Force, http://www.clevescene.com/64-and-counting/archives/2009/06/16/derek-anderson-declares-derek-anderson-day-at-memphis-kiddie-park, http://www.pointbuzz.com/c/starlightexperience.aspx, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1348, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75d_2GkC5TA, http://www.columbusdispatch.com/live/content/travel/stories/2009/06/14/CEDAR_POINT.ART_ART_06-14-09_F1_QUE4EC8.html, http://www.sanduskyregister.com/articles/2009/06/13/front/doc4a332bffaabb4939378837.txt, See the entire album at http://www.pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=616, http://www.pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=616, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1346, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1345, http://www.wkyc.com/news/local/news_article.aspx?storyid=114499&catid=2, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1343, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1342, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1340, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1338, More opening day photos at http://www.pointbuzz.com/Photos/Gallery.aspx?id=613, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1335, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1332, Cedar Point's Robin Innes on FOX Toledo's Talk Back http://www.foxtoledo.com/dpp/news/wupw_FOX_Toledo_Talk_Back_May_72009, http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1330, http://www.cedarpoint.com/public/fun/blog/index.cfm?entry=cffcf053-927e-49bb-b5e2-b738674cabae, New photos from Cedar Point highlight Magnum and fountain construction http://www.pointbuzz.com/Forums/Thread/23976.aspx, Cedar Point's Season Pass Center opens for the summer http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1328, VIP auction to kick off Magnum XL-200's 20th anniversary http://tr.im/jkza, New for 2009 - Starlight Experience to brighten Cedar Point's Frontier Trail http://tr.im/inIw, Enjoy Easter Brunch at Cedar Point's Castaway Bay http://tr.im/inml, Help Millennium Force take the "Best Ride in America" title. http://tr.im/ikOK, Tourism executives want alternative to longer school year http://www.pointbuzz.com/NewsStory.aspx?id=1322, is on Twitter! http://twitter.com/pointbuzz, is happy with the new Facebook Pages design., Photo from 2006 and 2007 showing Cedar Point's Maverick under construction., Photo from 2006 and 2007 showing Cedar Point's Maverick under construction., Photo from 2006 and 2007 showing Cedar Point's Maverick under construction., Photo from 2006 and 2007 showing Cedar Point's Maverick under construction., null, null, null, null, Photo from 2006 and 2007 showing Cedar Point's Maverick under construction.)