List(What a crazy morning...! We made 100 Maki lunch boxes today. Can't imagine how many order we'll get for tomorrow. We are getting better and better guys !, Too lazy to cook? Let's order take out. Just visit our website www.shunskitchen.com and order online is way too easy!, null, Buddha Dragon VS King of Spider...! These are some of my favorite Maki in Shun's Kitchen menu., Our Valentine's Day Specials 6 course prix fixe / only $50 per person !, Celebrate Valentine's Day at Shun's Kitchen, We offer 6 course meal for $50 per person !, Dish of the day.... Seafood Mixed Grill., Dish of the day....General Gao's Chicken, another popular dish in our menu. We use only white meat chicken for this dish, served with fresh steamed broccoli and your choice of white or brown rice., null, Dish of the day....Satay Shrimp with Crispy Taro., Dish of the day....Spicy Seafood Salad., null, Dish of the day...Our home made Meat Dumpling (Mandoo), Dish of the day...Okdol Bi Bim Bap. The ingredient included warm rice, seasoned vegetable and marinated sliced beef topped with fried egg, served along with hot chili sauce (gochujang) What a yummy dish for a cold weather, served sizzling hot everyday at Shun's Kitchen. (customer can substitute for Chicken or Tofu), Dish of the day....Crispy Shrimp with Mixed Fruits!, Dish of the day....Grilled Chicken with Teriyaki sauce !, Are you looking for a great place to watch Super Bowl 2016? At Shun's Kitchen you can watch the game and get an incredible deal on Sushi. We have a Full Bar and extensive wine and beer selections. For reservation please call 617-421-9588 !!!, Dish of the day....Seafood Scallion Pancake !, Dish of the day....Kong Pao Chicken., Our sushi is prepared FRESH daily with quality ingredients. We use pickle ginger without artificial color added. Gluten FREE soy sauce is also available., Dish of the day....Spicy Basil Fried Rice !, Dish of the day....Chicken Lettuce Wraps !, null, null, Our new look...!, We wish you and your family a very Happy, Healthy and Prosperous New Year...!, null, Special offer especially for holidays season, Hurry up guys ! Offer ends December 24, 2015., Our private room can accommodate up to 10 people and it comes with the aquarium view !, Some of our new dishes !!!, We are now officially open !!! Come check us out with new decor and new bar upstairs., null, null, null, null)