List(We're serving lunch today in front of the science center at Harvard University! 🐟, We're serving lunch today at Harvard in front of the science center! 🐟, We're serving lunch today at Harvard in front of the science center! 🐟, Come see us for lunch at Harvard University in front of the Science Center, We're serving lunch in Cambridge today at Harvard University in front of the Science Center, We're serving lunch in Cambridge today at Harvard University! We've got a pulled pork sandwich special!, We're serving lunch in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Today is our last day in Needham for the year, come on down!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come find us at 2nd Ave in Needham today!, We are serving lunch today at Black Falcon in the Seaport!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, We are at Mapfre Insurance in Webster today, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, We're down at city hall plaza for the truck or treat festival today!, Come find us at 2nd Ave in Needham today!, We are serving lunch today at Black Falcon in the Seaport!, We are at Mapfre Insurance in Webster today, We are at Mapfre Insurance in Webster today, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, We're heading to the Stonehill College Family Weekend today!, We are at Mapfre Insurance in Webster today, I'd share but I'm pretty shellfish, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, We're serving lunch today at Vecna Technologies in Cambridge today!, Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, Join us today at Pam's Run in Wayland!, Today we're going to the Walpole Food Truck Festival!, We're headin to 2nd Ave in Needham today for lunch, We've got a new spot today at the end of Drydock ave in the Seaport. If you fall in the water you've gone too far., Come see us in Cambridge today at Harvard University!, We're serving lunch today at Vecna Technologies is Cambridge today!, Servin up lunch today at Harvard University! (In front of the science center), null, null, null, null, null, It's going to be a great night! Trade?, Great shot! We LOVE your Frozen Hoagies!, null, In light of the RARE SUPER MOON LUNAR ECLIPSE on Sunday, September 27, we thought we'd pass along some romantic, dinner for two recipes. Stop by our retail seafood market for tips and tricks!, null, null, Sea you soon!  It's a stunning day for a wedding!, null, null, http://bostonevents.spingo.com/mobile/events/4826351, null, Harvard University today! Let's rock-n-roll!, Lawn on D Monday night and it's quite a food truck line-up! with The Dining Car Sweet Tomatoes Pizza Truck and The Sausage Guy!, Join us Monday night for this awesome show! With The Dining Car Sweet Tomatoes Pizza The Sausage Guy!, null, We LOVE double-headers! Kronos Incorporated for lunch and Forrester Life for dinner!, Grab a salmon burger to go! Prudential, null, Live music! Vintage autos and fun food - for the entire family!!, Melissa McCarthy Many thanks for making your cast and crew happy as clams! It was also nice to see our friend, Benjamin Zidel again! Let's do a repeat performance! Your generosity and appreciation knows no bounds! Thank you! Ghostbusters, null, null, Bon Me Food Truck Mei Mei Street Kitchen Roxy's Grilled Cheese Chicken & Rice Guys, Looking forward to Wellesley's July Jubilation!, A stellar lineup!, null, we are REELY looking forward to this awesome event~!, null, Happy Independence Day!, Book us now for any event! No event too small or too large! 617-921-9322!, Can't catch us at #HarvardUniversity today? Catch us Captain Marden's Seafoods because it's DOLLAR OYSTER NIGHT!, Just in case you were wondering..., Looking for something really grand to do on Father's Day this year? Stop by Elm Bank for the Antique Car Show!, Go to Phantom Gourmet to get this recipe! Hey The Bacon Truck - we're a match made in Heaven! We should swap and do a little recipe throwdown!, null, null, Boston Seafood Festival, Harpoon Brewery John Nagle Co. Captain Marden's Seafoods and more!, COME JAM WITH THE TECHIES TOMORROW NIGHT ON CITY HALL PLAZA! Boston TechJam #BTJ2015, #BTJ2015! Join the Star Techies Boston TechJam tomorrow night! It's a specTECHular line up! With Roxy's Grilled Cheese Taco Party Sabroso Taqueria Boston Bon Me Foods Trolley dogs, Did you celebrate #WorldOceanDay yesterday?  Take a peek:, Serving at @ResidenceInn Mix  275 Norwood Park South   Norwood From 5:00PM-8:00PM EDT http://www.foodtrucksin.com/cod-squad, Residence Inn by Marriott Residence Inn Boston Norwood / Canton today Norwood Park South Norwood From 5:00PM-8:00PM EDT !  It's what's for dinner!, SO many congratulations, guys!, null, null, The Bacon Truck !, null, We get ours from Tangerini's Spring Street Farm - where do you get yours?, null, The Spring Showcase at the Boston Design Center  RSVP HERE: http://bit.ly/BDCSpring15, Grab a bite to go and take in the Spring Showcase at the Boston Design Center Boston Design Center This Thursday, May 21st! With Frozen Hoagies, HAPPINESS at Harpoon Brewery!!, null, SEA you there!, null, null, null, null, with The Bacon Truck and The Dining Car for this awesome event! Wash your fish & chips down with a cold brew...and tap your feet to Airport -, Craig Small! We are thrilled to be doing another event with you! We LOVE Airport!!!, null, Your stop Food Truck Info Center!  Food Trucks In!, null, People frequently call us, telling us that they are craving our clam chowder, fish & chips, lobster rolls, calamari, scallops, haddock and more! You can visit the Captain Marden's Seafoods retail fish market in Wellesley or come for breakfast, lunch or dinner!, null, BBK Worldwide Upromise TripAdvisor Coca-Cola 2nd Ave Needham today!, Excellent news! Universal Studios Hollywood 20th Century Fox MGM Studios Walt Disney Studios, What a fabulous line up! SEA you then!, null, BostonChefs.com Area Four Bistro du Midi Boston Beat Hôtel Craigie On Main lumiere the restaurant Gaslight Brasserie du Coin The Beehive Aquitaine Boston come on down to the Boston Seafood Festival, Sunday August 2, 2015, and say hello to Captain Marden's Seafoods, food truck, "The Cod Squad"!, What a night! UConn ! New England Clam Chowder, FRESH (never frozen), SQUID - sweet, tender rings, lightly fried, garnished with a lemon wedge, and your choice of house-made tartar sauce or marinara, made from fresh Roma tomatoes! YUM!, To all of the youth attending the Awakening Conference...we have always fresh New England seafood favorites for you today!, What better than to celebrate an amazing event with FISH Fryday!, It's lunch today at the New Life Worship Center!, One of our very favorite customers, Tiffany Kinder from Red Sky Studios - Thanks Tiffany!, Oh we love what Chef Robert does with our Striped Bass!, Sunny and 66 degrees tomorrow, a perfect day for the .Vecna Cares road race and robot race with Bon Me Foods !, Thanks Melissa!  We love being at Harvard too!, The Bacon Truck !!!, Many thanks to our friend, Hub Food Trucks, for sharing our status today - we have a winner! thanks to Sheila, our 1000th LIKE!, Tangerini's Spring Street Farm look familiar? It's Charlie and Laura Tangerini!, null, null, We think "The Cod Squad" needs a Brother!, 3 - 2 - 1 = THE COUNTDOWN IS ON! The 1000th person to like us gets a free lunch!, SO Proud of our friends and customer- Area Four! We sure do have a smart President! But, why didn't he order our favorite? The
Clam & Bacon Pizza with Clam Sauce, Pecorino, Hot Pepper & Parsley! yum!, Thank you to the cast and crew of Ted 2 The Judge The Finest Hours  Olive Kitteridge (miniseries) and more for requesting the freshest seafood in New England, right off The Cod Squad! We hope to do more business with Universal Studios Hollywood 20th Century Fox FOX Movies Premium in the future!, It's Dollar Oyster Night every MONDAY night!  Captain Marden's Seafoods !!!  Need a Mothers' Day gift?, null, Thoughts, anyone?, Ten more, "LIKES" to go go before we hit 1000 LIKES! Be the THOUSANTH like and lunch is on us!, #TBT #BostonFoodTrucks She turned into a real beauty, huh? Thanks to the creativity of the friends and family of Captain Marden's Seafoods and Rocketman Creative!, vote-bostons-food-truck!!, Thanks to the Beachcomber PMC Team for such an amazing event!, Captain Marden's Seafoods. Thank you Donna, Sandra and Cathy!  You did a great job!  And thanks to our runners Anthony Blue Ribbon Barbecue Kenny Michael Matt!, Awe....Shucks, Thanks for the FEEDback!, null, null, null, null, GO OUT AND DINE OUT!, null, null, null, null, PUMPED to serve up our famous fish & chips Saturday night at the Plugged In's awesome event: British Invasion of Needham featuring Beatlejuice, New England's #1 Beatles' Cover Band!, SO many congratulations to our customers Craigie on Main and Neptune Oyster for winning this prestigious title! Visit them today for surf & turf!, null, DIG OUT!  DINE OUT!, null, Beautiful!, null, null, JUST the way we like it!, null, null, null, Tbone Talbot, Captain Marden's Seafoods don't want to DIY? That's fine with us!  Stop by the Captain's Table or Take-Away and say hi to one of our smiling faces! Hi Doug!, Customer service is our specialty, and The Captain loves his customers!, Have you ever been to our retail store? Captain Marden's Seafoods - look at what's fresh off the boats today!, You can also, "DIY" - do it yourself! Stop by Donelan's Supermarket or any Roche Bros. Supermarkets for our flash frozen dinners to go! Choose from Schrod Supreme, Haddock au Gratin, Shrimp Stuffed Filet of Sole, and New England Clam Chowder!, Missing our ALWAYS fresh Lobster Salad? Scottish Salmon? Haddock? Calamari? You can still enjoy New England's finest and freshest seafood at one of our customers! The Beehive Beat Hôtel Bistro du Midi Boston North Street Grille Gaslight Brasserie du Coin Aquitaine Boston Aquitaine Dedham Rialto Restaurant Area Four Sweet Basil Blue Ginger and more!, The Captain making Sole Rolls! One = Lobster, One = Salmon One = Shrimp!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Our Cod Squad customers often ask us, "Is there a REAL Captain?"  YES! And...he's still on the payroll!, What we're doing today!, Many thanks to Jason Lee, VINOvations Matt Light The Light Foundation KEEL Starbucks Polar Beverages Pepsi Brookline Ice Company Central Wharf Co. Above and Beyond Catering Sam Adams Brewery Charles river Plaza The Pastene Company Bel Ari for your support of MDA Boston! The room was full of beautiful, smiling faces!, Many thanks to 125 High Street for rolling out the red carpet for us at the MDA Boston Muscle Team Event! Thanks Jaye and Kieran!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This looks delicious!, null, null, We love our customers! Make your way here today to experience an a marvelous mood and meal!, Look at the LOVE! So many people came together in support of MDA Boston - who do you recognize?, A true masterpiece!, null, null, One of our very favorites, too!, Great company! Great concept! Delicious!, Congrats Neptune Oyster!, null, null, null, We're so thrilled to have been invited to participate in the Wellesley Farmers' Market!, Tony Maws - you are formally invited to bring this dish to the streets of Boston via The Cod Squad! This looks amazing!, null, Many thanks Miss Maine USA & Miss Maine Teen USA Competitions Heather and Miss Massachusetts USA Polikseni!, null, null, null, null, Many thanks to Paul and Crew Fifth Avenue Liquors Fifth Avenue Liquors Inc and KEEL for the outstanding Bloody Mary's - garnished with Captain Marden's Seafoods shrimp - great collaboration in support of the MDA Boston Muscle Team event!, The success of the MDA Boston Muscle Team Event is due to the collective response to children and families.  The support and compassion of many companies and individuals made this night a record breaker!  There was a lot of love in the room! Many thanks to Kate Tighe, Tbone Talbot Tbone Talbot VINOvations Miss Massachusetts USA Miss Maine USA & Miss Maine Teen USA Competitions KEEL Matt Light and Fifth Avenue Liquors Fifth Avenue Liquors Inc for teaming up to give many children an opportunity to go to camp!  The Captain Marden's Seafoods team suffered through the evening!, Thanks to Matt Light for attending the MDA Boston Muscle Team Event Thursday Night! Captain Marden's Seafoods will be serving up our signature shrimp with KEEL Vodka garnish (the other way around), and VINOvations Rob Sisti and Jason Lee are sponsoring many vino options! We hope you like fresh shucked Welfleet Oysters!, Oh, Matthew, you look SO cute in your waders!, Thanks for the reminder! We are looking forward to pairing VINOvations wine with our - freshly shucked oysters, shrimp garnished cocktails sponsored by KEEL and New England Clam Chowder - piping hot, this Thursday!, Many of Captain Marden's Seafoods customers being acclaimed again! This time for being Oh So Romantic! And, yes, you are!, It's so reFRESHING to see so many of our Captain Marden's Seafoods customers being recognized for their contribution to the Eater Boston scene! Congratulations!, Thanks to Pemberton's - you can shop for ALWAYS fresh Captain Marden's Seafoods fresh fish on Fridays! Pemberton's is one stop shopping! Fresh veggies, salad fixins, desserts, wine, and now seafood!, That IS exciting!, null, We second this notion!, null, Thank you MDA Boston and our friends at VINOvations Tbone Talbot KEEL for the work you are doing to make this year's event a huge success!, Way to go, Friends!, LOVE seeing our customer: justaddcooking.com pairing with our friends Neighbor Brigade! Thank you Just Add Cooking!, CATERING IS TASTIER WITH GOURMET FOOD TRUCKS. BOOK US NOW! NO EVENT TOO LARGE OR TOO SMALL!, Estancia Wines Baja Taco Truck Tri-Town Discount Liquors What a great opportunity for delicious fish tacos, fabulous wine and new friends! Thanks~!, Yum...we LOVE your Clam and Smoked Haddock Chowder!, Baja Taco Truck miss us?, Baja Taco Truck calamari!!!, Many thanks to Jessica Alario for recognizing several of Captain Marden's Seafoods customers! Bistro du Midi Boston Neptune Oyster La Brasa LL'Espalier as the best of the best! Also, we love the Oak Room Oak Room at the Copley Fairmont too...especially Herb and Phillip!, null, null, null, null, null, Thanks, Neighbors!, Thank you to the Celebrities for Charity Foundation!, null, Effective April 1, 2015, Food Trucks in The City of Boston commence a new location rotation.  Captain Marden's Seafoods food truck, "The Cod Squad" will serve lunch on Tuesdays on Belvidere Street The Christian Science Monitor and on Thursdays The Innovation and Design Building with Frozen Hoagies~!!!, Thanks to The Culture Trip for naming us one of the top 10 food trucks in Boston! We bet you fancy fish & chips!, Captain Marden's Seafoods customers! This is a great way to get great fish & chips and jam out to The Beatles ' music!, Get your tickets now...they're going fast!, LOVE music and teens - put them together - voi la! A fabulous evening!, null, VINOvations Project Goodwill Tbone Talbot MDA Boston Great Group. Great Cause. Awesome support!, null, we can't wait to try it on January 16th!, Thanks to Candy O'Terry for  posting that it's Blue Monday! Come by Captain Marden's Seafoods tonight for DOLLA OYSTA NITE! It's sure to cheer you up!, Thanks to VINOvations and Muscular Dystrophy Awareness !, null, One way to cook and eat more meals at home is to shop local, support local industries, and eat fresh - stop by Captain Marden's Seafoods today for fresh salmon or haddock or tilapia - or purchase one of our already made dinners - just add green beans (we have those, too!), Hey - any of you Chefs want to give this awesome dish a try on The Cod Squad? "Taken' in to the Streets.....", null, null, Now that's a hot lobstah! I think he's eye-balling us!, We Shore do Miss You!  Catch us for MainStream Monday Harvard University on January 5th, 2015! We've been WADING for 2015 - our 70th anniversary year!, Merry Christmas!  Need a last minute gift that's DEEEELICIOUS!??? Perfect for a co-worker or to butter up your boss...A Cod Squad Gift Card! EMAIL US AT CMSFOODTRUCKS@CAPTAINMARDENS.COM!, One of our very favorite customers and an amazing Chef - stay tuned!, null, Now you can get Captain Marden's Seafoods fresh daily ~, null, null, Captain Marden's Seafoods thanks TripAdvisor! Sea you in March on 2nd Ave. Needham!, null, The "Cod Father" with our long time friend, Geoff from Blue Ribbon Barbecue!, SOOOOO Fresh and special!, null, Not sailing out into these raging seas today! Instead, we're helping our fellow mateys prepare for the Holidays! Is Captain Marden's Seafoods jumbo shrimp part of your holiday tradition?, null, null, null, Congrats to our very own Bestie - Mei Mei~!, Baja Taco Truck Calamari?????, null, null, Go GUYS!, http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/12/01/ice-skating-rinks-in-boston-winters-landing-will-open-in-boston/, Fresh oysters on the half-shell tonight - just a buck! It's dollar days at Captain Marden's Seafoods starting at 4pm!, Awesome Rosie's Place!, So interesting! Thanks Kirk!, null, This is a shout out to all of her food truck friends! This Wednesday is a meet/greet/eat/meat/seat/tweet/wheat/ Aeronaut Brewing Company - the early bird catches the worm at 4:30pm - stay til closing! LOT'S to hob knob about! Who's in? Pennypackers Food Truck Roxy's Grilled Cheese Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. Frozen Hoagies Boston's Baddest Burger & Sandwich Co. The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck M & M Ribs The Pasta Pot Bon Me Foods ?, The Bacon Truck ain't this the truth! We pulled a U-turn to snap a shot of this awesome sign near Meredith, NH!, Hankering for a way to shop local? Catch a gift card Captain Marden's Seafoods today! The most delicious way to show loved ones how much you care!, Hey Chicken & Rice Guys  Baja Taco Truck Pennypackers Food Truck Boston's Baddest Burger & Sandwich Co. The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck Food Trucks In Bone Daddy's Burgers Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. The Bacon Truck Let's go Friends! Come to Aeronaut Brewing Company Wednesday December 3rd anytime after 4:30 pm to discuss our future together! Bring a dish to share - Beer on tap is amazing!, null, So many congrats to our friends Mary and Peter Frozen Hoagies !!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Cod Squad will be riding out this storm today at our home port - but you can still get the freshest seafood in New England at Captain Marden's Seafoods in Wellesley - and it's BONUS NITE!, null, null, null, HubSpot SEA you today!, HubSpot HubSpot, null, null, null, Consider a menagerie of food trucks during your merrymaking!, Frozen Hoagies !!!, Food Truck Festival Fundraiser for our friend Greg? Where's a good spot?, Amen Brothers!, And after you visit Boston Public Library quench your craving for Boston's freshest seafood at the Cod Squad, Thursdays on Boylston Street!, Yaaaa!, SOOOO many congrats Mary! Wow - wonderful! Can't wait to pop in!, Thanks The Local for your awesome neighborliness!, null, null, null, The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck Pennypackers Food Truck The Dining Car Frozen Hoagies Roxy's Grilled Cheese Baja Taco Truck  Taco Party The Cookie Monstah  Bon Me Foods Mei Mei Street Kitchen Hub Food Trucks Thanks Steve for the reminder! Let's begin to put our ideas together!, null, Stay tuned as we celebrate Captain Marden's Seafoods' 70th Anniversary by PIERING into the depths of our history and success!, How should  Captain Marden's Seafoods "Shellebrate" its' 70th Anniversary next year?, In case you missed it...
Take a gander at this great 'tale' from The Phantom!, Sea you next Tuesday The Innovation and Design Building ?, null, null, https://www.facebook.com/cherubino/ Hey Penny! Stop by Boston Public Library one of these Thursdays and we'll discuss another Penny Special!, Roaming Hungry? Catch us Boston Public Library today!, null, Who's Original Gravity ?  Comprised of four concerts a year, the Original Gravity Concert Series features the music of one local composer and pairs that music with beer brewed by Aeronaut Brewery. Join us tonight for this rare opportunity to pair your favorite brew with music featuring the music of Ramon Castillo!, Today's news, "In a Half Shell": Boston Public Library for lunch and tonight....DRUM ROLL PLEASE! Original Gravity at  Aeronaut Brewing Company!, null, Our friend Dave Mason on Fox with a classic and talking about Work Vessels for Vets!, null, null, null, We so love to see what Tony Maws  of Craigie On Main does with our always fresh seafood!, null, null, We love how Boston Local Food promotes supporting your local fisherman! We agree!, Bravo! Right on!, null, Thanks Joe Roberts The Culture Trip for recognizing Captain Marden's Seafoods food truck, "The Cod Squad" as one of Boston's Best!, null, We'll be celebrating 70 years in 2015! Many thanks to our extended family John Nagle Co. Craigie On Main Area Four Bistro du Midi Boston Beat Hôtel Gaslight Brasserie du Coin The Beehive !, Drop us a line and tell us what you think about Capt'n Kenny's food truck! Cool thing is...the original Captain Roy Marden of Captain Marden's Seafoods is ALSO from Canada! Eat St. - have you been to Cape Breton's food truck scene yet? We think we were separated at birth! Stay tuned - we'll have some Cape Breton specials for you...down the line :) Wonderful to meet you, Kenny!, We received the coolest phone call yesterday from our brother Capt'n Kenny's Fresh! We believe we are girl/boy twins separated at birth - take a look! Thanks Capt'n Kenny!, Serving up our always fresh Rhode Island Squid, New England Clam Chowder and Fish & Chips tomorrow Rocky Point Park !  11a.m. - 4pm thanks Food Trucks In, http://www.rockypointfoundation.org/, VOTE NOW! TELL YOUR FELLOW FOODIES HOW WE'RE DOING!, null, SEA you Saturday!, null, null, LOVE picking our own hots, arugula, colored peppers, tomatoes www.frommyheadtomatoes.com and from www.tangerinisfarm.com!, DOLLAR Oyster Night at Captain Marden's Seafoods Mondays! Yum!, null, you can CATCH us in Needham today - 2nd Ave. = sea you there TripAdvisor Upromise Isis Parenting !, Pennypackers Food Truck Sea you at Pam's Run on Saturday - Neighbor Brigade - what an honor to participate in this wonderful event -Pam's love and promotion of community service continues to bless so many people!, null, Honored to participate in Pam's Run this Saturday - in memory of one of our friends, Pam Manikas Washek who started Neighbor Brigade, null, Did you know you can walk through Harvard Yard right to the Common Spaces Harvard University and catch a bite from us or Bon Me Truck or Whole Foods Market River Street - catch up with friends and enjoy this beautiful weather!??!! Did you?, null, Back by POPULAR demand! Andrew's Lobtah Cakes at Boston Public Library today!, null, We've got Lobster + Bacon Cakes!, It's one of our very favorite days today with Pennypackers Food Truck - at the The Innovation and Design Building - catch a bite to go!, It's Surf and Turf Friday today with our faavs Blue Ribbon Barbecue ! Catch us in Needham on 2nd Ave.!, Hi Honey - if you're on the set today, come out and say, "hey"! Would so love to see you! Love, Mrs. B (Terri Beal)  :), Bringing Ted's FAVORITE food today! FISH! and a little HONEY too!
, We have not abandoned ship today - sea you Harvard University!, Boston Design The Innovation and Design Building great seaing you today!, Circle The City Boston today!, SEA us here on Sunday!, Our Generator isn't generating! :( We will keep you posted!, DOLLAR Oyster Night Monday Nights  Captain Marden's Seafoods, Blue Ribbon Barbecue Food Truck Love with Fred & Wilma? GIANT Turkey Leg - YUM!, Thanks for letting everyone know Beta Boston!, Many thanks for the pic! Hot96.9!, Boston Convention & Exhibition Center today sanwiched between two GORGEOUS GUYS! Roxy's Grilled Cheese & Bone Daddy's Burgers!  Private event for #INBOUND14 !, Captain Marden's Seafoods fresh shucked cherrystone clam/garlic/romano pizza from our friends Toirm, Scott & Brooks! , null, From TED to TENNESSEE! The word is out! The Cod Squad has the FRESHEST (never frozen, canned, dried, process, etc. etc.) lobster rolls, fish & chips, clam chowder, crab cake sandwiches, yellow-fin tuna melts, haddock, halibut, scallops, oysters, clams and more! Sea you tomorrow - Miranda Lambert ! (Gee, I wonder why all the guys want to work this event!), Thanks for calling, TED! Sea you tonight! We'll even bring you a jar of honey to dip your fries in!, Thanks to Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. for collaborating with Boston Area Food Trucks! Today it's our fresh shucked cherrystone clams made into their delicious white/garlic/romano ZA! and Roxy's Grilled Cheese!, Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. - we're psyched to be dropping off your fresh Cherrystones today for your white clam pizza special tomorrow!, Catch a bite to go at Boston Public Library today!, We're one big happy Food Truck Family!, Harvard University is really smart! They've asked us to stay late tonight! We're offering a Hahvahd Haddock Sandy, just for the halibut!, null, null, Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. Great idea, Toirm~!, The fish were biting this morning! Catch our ALWAYS FRESH Fish & Chips, Scallops, Haddock, Oysters, Clams, and more The Innovation and Design Building for lunch!, Lobstah and chowdah at HahVahd!, Join us today!

, null, Great Clip Food Truck Festivals of New England!
, null, null, null, Today we are featuring Tangerini's Spring Street Farm fresh picked tomatoes & colored peppers! Superman made a fresh salsa for fish tacos and huge slices of gorgeous vine ripened tomatoes will accompany your always fresh, never canned yellow fin tuna melt! It was a beautiful day for picking yesterday! In addition, Super also made a jalapeno pepper tartar sauce for our crab cake sandwich ... someone received this secret recipe from a chef in Atlanta...sssshhhhh....she promised not to tell!, So Many Congrats Patrick! , A slight change in our schedule today! We're surprising our friends in Needham! TripAdvisor TripAdvisor BBK Worldwide!, null, null, Beautiful creation using Captain Marden's Seafoods daily catches!, null, From My Head Tomatoes LLC look at these! They would pair well with your heirloom tomatoes!, THANK YOU TO ALL OF OUR CUSTOMERS WHO VOTED FOR US The Boston A-List !, null, Here's the LINE - up!, We've SEAn this fish before! :), Did you miss SEAing us on EATSt?  You have another chance - CATCH us tonight at 6 pm!, Want a Lobster Roll that You'll REALLY LOVE?  You'll have to wait two hours because our lobstermen are just retrieving them from the traps, then they'll be delivered, then poached, then made into our always fresh lobster salad - made with fresh lemon  juice, diced celery, and just a dab of mayo - then placed inside a buttery grilled  Hazels Bakery roll, delivered FRESH every morning, then out the window to you! SEA you at Harvard today!, null, null, null, Eat St. on Cooking Channel tomorrow night - 8 pm - here's the trailer just to wet your whistle~! 
https://www.facebook.com/notes/eat-st/eat-st-episode-7-preview-the-perfect-ploye/713593302045370
, Wayfair.com and all of our friends from Belvidere Street! Grab your popcorn shrimp - it's T.V. time with Eat St. Thursday, August 14 8pm on Cooking Channel, We love sharing the Innovation District with Pennypackers Food Truck on Tuesdays! Come on over!, null, Wedding Bells are Ringing today in Framingham, Massachusetts ! Sea you tonight! :) With Baja Taco Truck!, Catch us on 2nd Ave in Needham today! We are looking forward to rendezvousing with our friends from TripAdvisor! It was great to sea you last Wednesday Cruiseport Boston with friends from Yahoo News Google Havas Worldwide!, One more, just to, "wet your whistle!" with Compliments Food Truck!, We're on a, "Roll!"... with The Chubby Chickpea & Taco Party!, Food Truck Love with Ayr Clover Food Lab after our Friday News Quiz with WBUR 90.9 FM!, More love from the Food Truck Community! with my fav M & M Ribs Geo!, Many of you may not know how AWESOME the food truck community is in Boston! We are a tight knit group of food truck friends who love to bring the tastiest, freshest, most local food to your fork! On Sunday, The Cod Squad & Baja Taco Truck pair up for a lunch date with Boston Triathlon Team ethos ! Look at the Love!, We are looking forward to nourishing your Triathletes on Sunday! Along with Baja Taco Truck !, null, null, null, Britton Beal, null, Getting ready for our day with you on Sunday - heading out to Tangerini's Spring Street Farm for some organic heirloom variety veggies for our salads, topped with lobstah!, Celebrating Neptune Oyster on National Oyster Day!, Now, that's our kinda meal!
, null, null, null, null, TEASER!!!

, YOU JUST HAVE TO SEE THIS TRAILER! Fugu Truck 's food is amazing - and what do you think? Truck evny?
, Looking forward to seaing Bing's handsome face and truck on Eat St. Thursday at 8pm!, null, null, We love our Nagle Bros. and all they do to keep our industry SUSTAINABLE!, SEA you there! Really looking forward to it!, null, Surf & Turf day with Blue Ribbon Barbecue ! We LOVE their ribs!, It was a smorgasbord yesterday with Evan's NY Style Deli Food Truck Frozen Hoagies VESTA Mobile Wood-Fired Pizza JOEYS !, Thanks to Joey for the mexicali street food corn (?) , LOVED trading with Frozen Hoagies JOEYS (the new little "Joey" on the block) Rhonda & Lou VESTA Mobile Wood-Fired Pizza & Evan's NY Style Deli Food Truck !, We're going to have to order one of these to celebrate our 70th in 2015! PERFECT!, We will have to brings these to The Cod Squad! Thanks for posting!, null, They weren't shuckin' around, were they?, Of course you did! Our fav? Clam of course!, Private event today! , null, ONLY TWO MORE DAYS TO VOTE! Marc G, Fifth Ave Liquors News, Natick Visiting Nurse Association - Natick VNA TripAdvisor Upromise BBK Worldwide Karyn, Thom Bisquit, Carley, Elizabeth, Gerry, Henry - have YOU voted?, Congrats, Sista!, Well done David! I bet your fresh bread pairs well with our very favorite goat cheese pecan salad! YUM!, It's our very own, Superman with Edith Murnane at the East Boston Farmers' Market!, So pumped to participate in the Chef's Challenge at the East Boston Farmers' Market! Loved the Scup from Chef Jason Red's Best and the fresh summer squash, onions, potatoes and more~! Thanks Marty Walsh 's Office of Food Initiatives!, Voted!, Well deserved and SO many congratulations, friends! Sea you at your Summer Shindig August 13: 6-8pm!, null, Fins up!, BING! FABULOUS FOTO!, SO MUCH LOVE FOR IRENE, MEI & ANDY!, Looking good, Rich! :), What's on the menu for our Surf & Turf Fish Fryday Day?, null, Many Congrats, Ayr! Maybe Jim Braude and Marjorie will have us back on the show again! WBUR 90.9 FM !, LOVE BING almost as much as his food! :), GOT KIDS? WANT FUN? HANKERING FOR A FRESH LOBSTER ROLL? , At the Innovation & Design Bldg - Drydock - today!, null, null, Mouth watering and stunning, Tony!
, null, null, It was a BLAST!  LOVE this couple!, null, null, The Cod Squad will feel right at Sea today...heading to The Boston Seafood Festival!, What a treat to meet Lance & Graham from Hive!, How's it going, Needham, enjoying our Scallops?, At Boston Public Library today - Smart Food Choice!, Honored to be chosen to participate in the Mayor's Celebration & Seafood Throwdown tomorrow!, Superman is on Stage tomorrow at the East Boston Farmer's Market!, null, It's easy - fans - Click the Vote for Us button below!, ONLY NINE DAYS LEFT! Vote now! :)
, catch us at Harvard today!, Private event today - we will miss you Innovation & Design Building!, SO looking forward to our Sunday Event!
, null, null, null, null, Catch a bite to go today at Harvard University, One Oxford Street!, Food Truck Festivals of New England how do you like our new cover? Isn't he dreamy?, null, null, null, null, null, Seafood Throwdown Boston style?, null, Bring a Friend to Market this week and then to The Cod Squad on Thursday!, null, Courageous Sailing Center tonight - our complimentary New England Clam Chowder, Calamar Boats, and Fresh Yellow-Fin Tuna Melts and Orzo Marisol Shrimp Salad!

, HAVE YOU VOTED YET? It only takes about a minute - and you'll be happy you did! There's only 18 days left~!
, null, It's Surf & Turf Fish Fryday with Blue Ribbon Barbecue on 2nd Ave in Needham - YUMM!!, David is one of our very favorite customers! SO many congrats, Dave!, We've gotta offer this on The Cod Squad...what do you think? LOVE Tangerini's Spring Street Farm!, null, Thank you to the Courageous Sailing Center for reaching out to The Cod Squad! We are honored come aboard and to serve your guests at the Make-A-Mark event this Tuesday evening! Get your tickets now!, null, null, null, A GREAT Farmer's Market! Check out Dan from Keown's - an old friend - grab a bite from us on Thursdays - like a crab cake sandwich - an easy to go eat always fresh Jonah Lump crab meat mixed with fresh ingredients on a fresh Hazels Bakery bun!, null, Have YOU voted for YOUR fav food truck yet? 
, Innovation & Design Center Building Seaport Elite Boston today!, Looks like we're going to make our lunch date Harvard University ! Harvard Square ! We may be a few "minnows" late...but we're on our way!, null, Stay tuned...generator is being stubborn...we hope to be Harvard University by noon - but not so sure yet!, On any given day, we have over 100 loyal customers who actually call us and tell us they, 'crave' our lobster rolls, fried clams, tuna melt and more! THANK YOU! Now - please vote for us because we know we're your favorite (who else has fresh, just off the pier New England seafood?)...Click the Vote Now button below and thanks!, You've just GOT to see cute Andy from Mei Mei Street Kitchen in this trailer! LOVE our friends at Mei Mei!, Love Bone Daddy's Burgers, A few days off the open seas...good news for our very hard working crew!, Harvard University today - welcome our newest crew member, Mike!, Nashoba Valley Winery, Orchard and Restaurant ! Let's do this!, Tomorrow night Bone Daddy's Burgers is being featured! Rich does a fabulous job! Stay tuned for The Cod Squad episode, airing Thursday August 14th @ 8pm!, null, 32 Days Left! Vote Now! We're in SECOND Place - how can that be? No on else has - JUST off the boats, hand trimmed soft shell crabs, Hand-Filleted Yellow-Fin Tuna Salad Melts using Hazels Bakery barrel bread, or ALWAYS FRESH Lobster Rolls! , null, null, Many of you have told us that our fish & chips is the BEST you have ever had! And then, you ask us, "Why?"  Here's an article that describes some of the steps we take to bring you the FRESHEST seafood in New England! , TONIGHT IS DOLLAR ($1) OYSTER NIGHT! Captain Marden's Seafoods !, null, Hear 'ye Hear 'ye~! Announcing our debut with Bone Daddy's Burgers Mei Mei Street Kitchen Fugu Truck Love Richard, Andy, Irene, Bing!, Every vote counts! Get your vote on today!
http://boston.cityvoter.com/captain-marden-s-seafoods-inc/biz/661083?view=Votes, In case you missed it! , In Today's News WCVB Channel 5 Boston : High risk of tropical storm for July 4th, forecasters say...take advantage of this calm before the storm and grab your favorite Cod Squad lunch Harvard University! Then, prepare to Batten down the Hatches!, Needham today!, Harvard University today - Fresh grilled swordfish kebabs! Thanks Superman!, Thank you all of our, "FINatics"!  We've reached over 40 votes - let's make it 60+ Have YOU voted yet? CLICK the VOTE FOR US button below! Boston's A-List!, We had a wonderful time with the cast & crew of Eat St. - they filmed us on Belvidere Street ChristianScience.com next to Wayfair.com ! Hub Food Trucks was on locale...a great piece!, Thank you to all of our loyal fans! We knew it wouldn't take long to be discovered...the only food truck of its' kind in the Boston Area - we have been doing business with local family owned and operated seafood businesses for generations, like John Nagle Co. ! And you have told us you taste the difference - it's because our lobster salad is made fresh every morning - never frozen, our yellow-fin tuna melt is made from FRESH yellow-fin tuna! And, of course, our fish & chips ... people ask us what the difference is - and we answer the same every time, "It's FRESH!", null, null, null, null, Back to our regular schedule for this week: Today: Harvard, Tomorrow - hmmm - we have a choice - Milk/Kilby or Innovation District/Seaport - which place should we go to? Wednesday: Harvard, Thursday: BPL, Friday: Needham!, At Elm bank again today - and it's another beauty! With Trolley Dogs Ben & Jerry's come on over! Best Antique, Custom & Classic car show eva!, Our fabulous Andrew serving one of our honored guests Natick Visiting Nurse Association - Natick VNA last night Massachusetts Horticultural Society Elm Bank - thanks to all of you for your participation!
, null, We had the privilege of serving up our always fresh Lobstah rolls for the Cast & Crew of, "The Judge" Robert Downey Jr - Looking forward Seaing it!, Food Truck Festivals of New England today in Worcester's Elm Park! Come on over!, We are looking forward to our fun night with Natick Visiting Nurse Association - Natick VNA and our friends from Sweet Basil...they do great things with Captain Marden's Seafoods ! Susan Wornick EmSEAing!, Have YOU voted yet?, Food Truck Festivals of New England Worcester Food Truck Event! Get your tickets here!, null, NESN Arsenal Medical today! Hi LaVerne!, Eventbrite Courageous Sailing Center !
, Party on the Pier tomorrow night! Tix still available!, Are you up for playing, "HOOK"ie today!?! Are you hooked on The Sox? Be the first person to call us at 617-921-9322 for FREE Tix for today's game! Food Truck Festivals of New England Hub Food Trucks Official Beach Soccer Fan Page !, null, www.edibleboston.com
, null, Top Chef for lunch today!, null, Just set sail for Blue Hills Bank Pavilion! Fork in the Road Food Truck Festivals of New England !, We'll be close to our Home Port today in Needham on 2nd Ave!, null, WE DID! With Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese Mei Mei Street Kitchen Taco Party Great to see you James, Keith & Andy! Clare - awesome job! Harpoon Brewery, http://roaminghunger.com/captain-marden, Vote for the ONLY truck that brings you, 'just off the boat' fresh New England Seafood! Who loves our lobstah on a fresh toasted Hazels Bakery roll?, null, http://loewsmagazine.com/street-food-scene/, Boston Public Library today and then...drum roll please...Boston TechJam tonight! A fabulous double-header!, null, AIRPORT ROCKS!, Food Truck Festivals of New England Live Nation, null, null, IT'S REALLY EASY - JUST CLICK THE, "VOTE NOW" BUTTON ON OUR FB PAGE!, Harvard Bound!, Come on - you know we are the best!
, null, null, null, We're not afraid to ask you, "Which Food Truck is YOUR favorite?", SEA you there!, REALLY looking forward to Boston TechJam Thursday night! Join us - take a look at what a fabulous event this will be!, USE THE BOSTON A-LIST'S "VOTE FOR US" BUTTON, BELOW - VOTE NOW!, null, Boston TechJam Thursday! City of Boston (Government), The countdown to vote for your favorite food truck (need a hint?) ... three days to go! Begin Monday! Vote CityVoter, Inc. , Weather is on our side - travel to 60's Rock Revival Festival June 7th, 2014 Topsfield Fairgrounds tomorrow~!
, null, Fish Tacos today Boston Public Library ! Also - now here's an idea, Superman (aka Adilson) mashed up some fresh Idaho Potatoes this a.m., added fresh cream, butter & horseradish - sub out our hand-cut fries today!, Get your tickets here!, Voting begins Monday, June 9th - "Cast" your vote for The Cod Squad - New England's premier, one of a kind, fresh New England seafood Food Truck!, null, null, Many congrats to our fellow-truckers! 
, null, null, Book us now for your favorite summertime event!, Food Truck Festivals of New England Live Nation Blue Hills Bank Pavilion!, null, null, Join us for a great cause with the areas' finest fresh local menu items paired with wine from Fifth Avenue Liquors!, Food Truck Festivals of New England Harpoon Brewery Live Nation Blue Hills Bank Pavilion ! ALL ABOARD!, null, null, null, Settin' sail for Harvard University today~!, Needham!, Hankering for our ALWAYS FRESH seafood, 'after hours'? Good news! You can have the same, just off the boat, haddock, halibut, clams, oysters, scallops and more Captain Marden's Seafoods - check out what our friends from Needham TripAdvisor have to say!, null, Captain Marden's Seafoods Dollar Oyster Night - every Monday! You can also get the Captain's daily catches on the Cod Squad today at Milk/Kilby!
, null, So Cool!, null, Whe are honored to support our friends at Work Vessels for Veterans. God Bless you  Ted & Tropps!, Thank you to our friends The Greater Boston Charity Horse Show for a wonderful weekend! We were honored to serve you breakfast in memory of Irene York!, Looking forward to being Topsfield Fair today at the American Saddlebred Horse Association 's Charity horse show!, Catch DOLLAR OYSTER NIGHT every Monday Captain Marden's Seafoods !, Hoping to, "catch" a glimpse of Johnny Depp today in Cambridge, Massachusetts? We are too! "Catch" US Harvard University One Oxford St. in front of the Science Center Building!, With Bon Me Foods Whole Foods Market today! Hi Gary and Patrick! Harvard University - Johnny Depp is starting as Whitey Bulger - Movie set is in Cambridge! They're behind black curtains, but you can still check them out and then grab a bite to go from us!, Vote Now for Captain Marden's Seafoods, Inc. "The Cod Squad"!, Tried Stoked Wood Fired Pizza Co. last week - it was love at first BITE! :), THANK YOU TO Rocketman Creative for taking the vision of Captain Marden's Seafoods and creating the most beautiful food truck on the open seas! Vote now!
, VOTE TODAY! 
 
http://mobile-cuisine.com/features/2014-best-food-truck-graphic-design-contest/?wt=10

We hear it at least once/day: "You have the most BEAUTIFUL food truck we've ever seen!"  There's a very cool story about the design of our truck.  

     Captain Marden's Seafoods has been New England’s premiere seafood monger since 1945! It was begun by Master Mariner Captain Roy Wilfred Marden, in 1945 as a single retail store. His mission was simple… offer the very best seafood in town. It has now grown to include a large wholesale operation, retail fish market, restaurant, and now a food truck!
     Two years ago Keith A. Marden, Jr. (Kim), Captain Roy’s grandson, identified a market that was going swimmingly throughout the country – food trucks!  Through a series of focus groups, inquires, and interviews, “The Cod Squad” was born, featuring a rendition of the original Captain’s ship, "The Killarney" on the port side!
     The Cod Squad practices what is commonly known as, “Farm to fork” – or in our case – “Marine to Mobile Cuisine!” This is a concept of purchasing locally caught fish, directly from the fleets in Boston and Gloucester. The term which was adapted from “farm to table” comes from the idea that with less time and fewer hands for the food to get from the ocean to the food truck, the fresher, more environmentally sensitive and community minded it is. We also use locally grown, organic produce for our haddock sandwiches, chowders and fresh salads.
     The Cod Squad provides the same fresh seafood, affectionately known as the “Shreve Crump & Low of seafood” served by over 400 New England restaurants including Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts Bistro du Midi Boston Area Four Gaslight Brasserie du Coin Craigie On Main  The Beehive and Beat Hôtel Simply Fresh, Simply New England. That’s the Captain Marden’s way., null, It's Taco and Tuna Melt Tuesday at Milk/Kilby with Baja Taco Truck today! Stop in for the fun food truck frenzy!, Extra Special Specials today - Superman's crab/shrimp gumbo, swordfish kebabs, and rock shrimp or haddock tacos!, Stop ny Massasoit Community College - Official Page today ! Do some early Holiday shopping and grab a bite to go! We are with Frozen Hoagies!!, Need fish? Today's your lucky day, Needham!, Clammering for some fresh local seafood? Try our clam roll today Harvard University!, Do you know how Milk & Kilby Streets got their names? We're there today with Baja Taco Truck - thinking about the rich history of our beautiful city.  Captain Marden's is rich in history, too! We'll be celebrating 70 years of serving up the freshest seafood to New England in 2015!, Taco and Tuna Melt Tuesday with Baja Taco Truck! Bryan, I'll take two chicken tacos w/guac, med salsa, & tortilla chips - to go! :) Financial District in Boston, Feeling nautical? Stop by Harvard University today for some fresh Maine shrimp, griddled swordfish steak, fish tacos, fish & chips, scallops, clams, oysters, calamari, fresh, never canned yellow fin tuna salad melt! can't decide? Ask Ben what his favorite is! :), The sun is out, the dogs are out, the kids are out, the moms and dads are out, no bugs are out, it's a wonderful day here Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University celebrating moms and the Lilac Festival! , Boston Public Library today! Say hi to Superman and ask for a taste of his awesome shrimp gumbo! Also - he is griddling up a fresh swordfish steak with fancy spices, rosemary & fresh lemon! Have it as a sandwich or over a salad!
, Harvard University with fresh griddled marinated swordfish steaks - have them over a bed of greens/veggies or as a sandy! Also - fish tacos w/homemade pico de gallo and fresh lime - YUM., Where we are this week!, Not only do we have the very best seafood in New England, but we also have the very best employees! Thank you Andrew for the tremendous effort toward supporting The Jimmy Fund !, null, null, Great fun with Carolyn Kruse and the folks Country 102.5 WKLB Boston today! It was so much fun feeding you our always fresh Chowdah & Lobstah! :), Grab a lobsta roll & chowda at Havahd today! Harvard University, Happy Cinco de Mayo to our friends Baja Taco Truck!, Needham -you asked, we answered! Sea you today!, null, What a great event! Thanks to Food Truck Festivals of New England!, Baja Taco Truck You're loved!, Fork In the Road Food Truck Festival! June 14...Noon - Sea you there! Thanks to Food Truck Festivals of New England who Rock!
, Daily fish fact quiz: what kind of fish is this? If you guess it right, chowda is on us!, Back Boston Public Library today! Kevin? Can you hear us? Fresh Haddock Tacos today! Along with our always fresh combos: pick two: scallops, oysters, calamari, clams, haddock, pollock, shrimp, lobsta roll!, So many congrats to our friends Baja Taco Truck! , Adilson is in the kitchen doing what he does best - prepping for fresh griddled swordfish steak sandys & fish tacos w/fresh pico de gallo!, Remember...April showers bring May flowers! Stop by for hot chowda Harvard University today!, Thanks to Gifted's Erin for this pic of an adorable girl after our own hearts!, Chef Brian's Fabulous Fish Jambalaya! , Milk/Kilby today with Baja Taco Truck! One of our favorite "pairings"!, null, Captain Marden's Seafoods Great pic! Just beautiful and we LOVE the tasty creations you offer your customers using our always fresh daily catches! The chef looks like quite a, 'catch', too!
, Harvard today! Milk/Kilby tomorrow! Harvard Wednesday! and -Loc- can you hear us? Kevin, are you there? BPL on Thursday! Marc G - sea you Friday at Needham! :), Looking forward to seeing the entire show!
Rebel Without a Kitchen Travel and Escape Fidel Castro Matt does an amazing job! That pastrami sandy looks awesome! Hugs Matthew!
, What a fabulous reunion yesterday with our special guests from in Needham from TripAdvisor TripAdvisor!, Where we are today: Harvard University in front of the Science Center!, Milk/Kilby today! With Baja Taco Truck!, Cesar Millan, Harvard University today - grab a bite and sit in the sun and enjoy!, Captain Marden's Seafoods look at your food truck!
, null, Love that thought!, null, Today's Specials! "There's no tastier fish in the ocean" Keith A. Marden, Jr. aka, "Kim" - about the Mini-Grey Sole Fillets only $11! Also, Luscious Lobstah Bisque, Smoked Cod Cakes w/dijon mustard and fresh dill over mixed green salad, Oyster Po-Boy!, Did you know that Captain Marden's Seafoods celebrates its' 70th year in business next year? And...the, "Captain" still works six days a week? Here he is working on his lobster and salmon stuffed sole roll special!, null, Brighten your day! We did - cuz we're with Bon Me Foods and Ian Chicken & Rice Guys Harvard University!, Ye Tales o' our Voyage: with our pals Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway!! A great pair!, Thank you to the students, professors and friends of Harvard University for such wonderful lunch dates! We're there today and it's a beauty!, So excited to feed the participants, friends and family of the Extreme Field Day for Kids this Sunday!, It's lunchtime on Milk/Kilby with our pals Baja Taco Truck!, Harvard University!, null, null, The weather is looking up for week two of the new food truck schedule! Thanks Harvard University for being such a great lunch date!, Thank you to our friends in Dover - it's Aloha Auction night tonight - we're serving up 500 fresh fish tacos with Chef Brian's homemade pico de gallo & mango salsa with fresh cilantro & lemon - YUM!, Happy Opening Day, Red Sox! Boston Red Sox! It's our Opening Day too, at our new spot at Rings Fountain, on The Greenway!  Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway! Wash down our fresh lobstah roll with a, "Brew" Granary Tavern!, null, Hey Kevin! What's for lunch today? YOUR combo? Lobster Roll & Daily Special? We're right up the stairs from you . Boston Public Library!, Hey Gang! We're right outside your front door today Boston Public Library with fabulous, always fresh, daily specials! Text ahead: 617-921-9322!, null, Discovered a new island! Look for us tomorrow Boston Public Library !, Visit our Matey's Opening Day Review! Thanks to Brian for this great new What's the Food Truck Buzz in Beantown site! :)
, null, Thank you to a fantastic crew last night at the Lippmann House last!
, Gather y'self a crew & drop us a line Harvard Square today Harvard University!, Mei Mei Street Kitchen - Hi friends! Isn't it so true that during the course of a year, we have cultivated many "pearls" among our customers? While this week is exciting because we are given the opportunity to meet new customers, some of our customers are sad because we will no longer be located near to where they live/work.  We have a customer, Loc, who is feeling, 'dumped', so I suggested he come visit you today on Stuart Street and assured him that you would make our bittersweet departure VERY sweet! Keep an eye out! I know you'll put a smile on his face!, null, At NESN serving up Boston Red Sox Opening Day celebrants like The Eck!, April 1 9pm EST Travel & Escape Channel ... Join host Matt “Fidel Gastro” Basile and his team on a street food crawl across North America, revealing delicious food, wacky personalities, and encouraging stories along the way. In this second season he’s out to try all of it: food trucks, pop ups, food carts, food stands, and street food inspired restaurants. From New York to New Orleans, Miami to Montreal, Matt will discover what’s trending in each area, leaning on locals to help guide his food journey. Watch as Matt plugs into the street food movement across the nation, one bite at a time.

, Hear Ye' Food Truck Fans! Schedules change beginning April 1st! Come sea us at our new spot on Milk/Kilby Tuesday, and BPL Thursday! Follow us more than just on "line" :), We loved getting to know the folks down at Dewey Square South Station on Rose Kennedy Greenway! Bon Voyage! Drop us a line today - our last day there...we are moving down the Greenway to Rings Fountain starting next Fryday!, Bon Voyage Belvidere Street - It's been wonderful! We love you and will miss you all! BPL starting next Thursday!, null, Have you WAVED at your favorite food truck today?, null, Bon Me Food Truck Momogoose Foodtruck Baja Taco Truck Taco Party Benny's Crepe Cafe The Pasta Pot Bone Daddy's Burgers, null, Celebrating the Boston Red Sox opener on Monday NESN Arsenal Medical with our Maryland Crab Cake Sandwich vs. always fresh Lobstah Roll menu! Game on!, Note your calendars! Fidel Gastro's was in Boston on The City of Boston City of Boston (Government) Plaza!, Thank you to two of our favorite, "fins" for coming by Stuart St. yesterday to bid us bon voyage! Marie & Erin from Gifted - the award winning shop on the corner of Dartmouth & Tremont! Stop and grab a special gift for one of your loved ones, and then quench your thirst Aquitaine Boston and enjoy Captain Captain Marden's Seafoods daily catches!, Rough seas out there today...but we're not letting them rock our boat! Heading out to Harvard University today! Sea you there!, Food truck fare? I think this is a great idea for our always fresh lobstah!, It's what we've been waiting for!  Our friend Fidel Gastro's in Boston! Do you recognize anyone?  BTW Matthew is a hugger! A fabulous guy!, Thank you Stuart Street for a magnificent year!  We love you all! Kevin, Paul, Jenny, Alice.... Just to name a very few!  Come sea us next Tuesday at our new spot on Milk & Kilby! But first - drop a line and say goodbye to us on Stuart Street! Bon voyage!, null, FUI! Says Adilson aka Superman! All aboard! Off to Harvard Square at Harvard Science Center with our always fresh daily catches! Sea you there!, Good morning Boston - we are bringing the luck if the catch today at Dewey Square ... At South Station! Cast your line for the freshest seafood in Boston!, null, null, If you can find another food truck in the country who serves FRESH lobstah salad, we will eat our Haddock!, Thanks to Andrew for his great solution for those of you who couldn't decide whether to have the scallops, oysters, calamari, haddock or clams...The Captain's Combo Plate! Pick two! Always fresh, always served with fresh house-made coleslaw and hand-cut fries. Now you and the best chefs in Boston have something in common - only you get it first and at a fraction of the price!, When the City of Boston's Health Inspector, Geralda, gave The Cod Squad her physical, she said, "Not only would I eat off your truck, but I'd let my children eat off the floor of your truck!" Thanks, Geralda! You should see our Kitchen!, People always ask us, "Is there a "Reel" Captain?" Yes...he is the son of the original Captain Roy Marden who started Captain Marden's Seafoods in 1945.  We will be celebrating our 70th next year...let the parties begin!, "Always fresh, Never canned"...that's what the description is for our yellow-fin tuna salad - as a tuna melt on fresh Hazels Bakery barrel bread or over one of our fresh veggie/mixed green salads! Have you had YOUR tuna today?, Heading Northwest to Belvidere Street today! Christian Science Plaza, Boston! Sea to Table - and you can taste the freshness! "That's the difference" we tell our customers when they say, "This is the BEST fish & chips I've ever had, what do you do?" ... It's FRESH!, Did you know that beginning April 1st there is a new food truck schedule for the City of Boston? Be sure to check out the locations of your favorite food trucks! , Saying goodbye to Humpday and hello to Throwback Thursday...we miss you Boston City Hall Plaza! City of Boston (Government), Many congrats to our friends, Kevin & Ryan!
, Does this wet your whistle? Drop a line at The Cod Squad today @Harvard ! Our Lobstah Quesadilla! (ALWAYS fresh), Thanks to Erin - we heart you! Gifted, Spring is in the seas/air here Harvard University Harvard Square with Bon Me Food Truck and Whole Foods Market River Street!, Have you texted your order in? On Stuart Street serving up our always fresh yummy seafood lunches!, Sailing to Harvard now!, Still riding the wave of a superb dinner last night with our friends from Craigie On Main ! THANK YOU Travis, Cole and Emily... and Tony!  The black cod, scallops, muscles, shrimp, venison, & pork took us to Heaven!, Watch the next Top Chef Canada tonight at 9pm! Get great recipes for our sweet sea scallops...we were with some of our favourite Canadians last night! Kirk from Ships Lobster Pound - Nova Scotia!, null, One Fish Two Fish Buy Fish Fresh Fish!, Keep your fins crossed...generator is rockin' the boat this morning...she can be pretty stubborn...we REALLY want to see our Harvard University fans!, Once you've known the best, why settle for anything less? We hear this many times daily, "This is the BEST fish & chips I have ever had! What do you guys do to make it this tasty?" The answer is always the same, "It's FRESH!" Just hours since being caught, filleted and cooked to order! We hope this is reeling you in! Come see us this week Harvard University Monday and Wednesday, Stuart Street on Tuesday, Belvidere Street Christian Science Plaza, Boston on Thursday and The Rose F. Kennedy Greenway on Friday!, Chef Brian's Crispy Halibut Tacos with Baja Sauce, Homemade Pico de Gallo, Pickled Onion & Fresh Cilantro! Yum!, Land Ho! A fabulous find!, Baja Taco Truck is the Best! Vote Now!, Biking and Swimming and eating fresh local seafood - add years to your life!, It's Clear Sailing on Dewey Square at South Station! Smoked Cod Cakes w/Dijon Sauce, Fries & Slaw! Fresh Jonah Crab Melt! The BEST Fish Tacos in Boston! - Crispy Halibut, Baja Sauce, Homemade Pico de Gallo, Pickled Onions & Cilantro! But wait, there's more! Creole Crab & Corn Chowder! (for our Friend, Liz!), Many thanks to Hub Food Trucks for the positive waves of change they are promoting! Have you signed the petition yet?, Celebrating Throwback Thursday on Belvidere! You all are, "Keepers"!, Rockin' some southern style specials today to warm us up before the last (hopefully) Northeaster if the season, Looking forward to swimming alongside http://tastyseafood.com/ and John Nagle Co.  this weekend at the Boston seafood Expo!, The Cod Squad continues to support local organic heirloom farms like From My Head Tomatoes & Tangerini's Spring Street Farm ... we'll be sourcing locally, seasonally, as much as possible! We even hand-pick right from the fields at Tangerinis...you should too!, Looks like the seas are calm for our lunch hour at Common Spaces Harvard University today! Who missed us on Monday?, null, Oysters just came in...and we've just received our first text-in order from Stuart Weitzman shoes Copley Square! Sea you on Stuart Street! Always a fresh crew with fresh seafood!, Thrilled to be bringing Captain Marden's Seafoods sustainable offerings from locally sourced, small boats off the coast of Gloucester & Boston...serving up, fresh cooked to order fish & chips, calamari and more! Join us!

, Go Pub-lic with your St. Paddy's Day funfest at The Squealing Pig Boston! Why?

Boston magazine: 
With St. Pat’s on the horizon, there’s a good chance you’ll find yourself in a pub sometime this month—and nothing pairs better with a pint than fish and chips. Sadly, these offerings are oily and underseasoned at many restaurants, but the Squealing Pig in Mission Hill cooks up a notable exception. The pub’s thick-cut cod fillets, which come from Hub purveyor Captain Marden’s Seafoods, are beer-battered and deep-fried to golden-brown perfection. The fish emerges shatteringly crisp on the outside and flaky on the inside. Served with handcut fries, zingy tartar sauce, and a simple cabbage slaw, it’ll fill your belly without giving you a grease hangover. (Avoiding any other type of hangover, however, is up to you.) 134 Smith St., Boston, 617-566-6651, squealingpigboston.com., Thanks Maggie for a great shout out!, Well...we were setting sail for Harvard University today, until the generator belt broke :( Won't sea you til tomorrow on Stuart Street with Gifted girlie friends!, Did you know that The Cod Squad serves up ALWAYS FRESH lobsta salad rolls - served on griddled fresh Hazels Bakery rolls! Get yours today Harvard University!, We are really going to miss our #TBT on Belvidere Street Christian Science Plaza, Boston with Taco Party & The Pasta Pot ! Visit us at Boston Public Library on Thursday starting April 1!, Fish Fryday Food Truck Fun Dewey Square South Station Ready, Set, Go Fishing today! Creamy potato-leek & lobster soup, Pepper crusted Salmon sandwich, bay leaf-brined & topped w/brown sugar & chive-ranch dressing, LTO, Lemon-herb Swordfish Kebab over big green salad w/dijon sauce, Jonah Crab meat melt sandwich, cheddar, tomato & chives!, null, Chef Brian is Brianing/Brining fresh Salmon today...we know Baja Taco Truck is salivating over our Salmon - are you? Dewey Square Rose Kennedy Greenway ! with Bon Me Food Truck, It's Hub Food Trucks at The Cod Squad today! Yay! Always a pleasure :), Hey Buoys & Gulls! Keep afloat with one of our Specials! What is YOUR favorite Cod Squad cuisine?, It's Throwback Thursday on Belvidere Street at Christian Science Plaza, Boston ! Looking forward to this, "SEA-n" again soon!, Stop by one of our favorite customers! Area Four - for the 2014 Trash Fish Dinner on March 16th! Red Door Trucks - play date?, Yes, and we like Elvin, tooo!, Looks yummy - we should try it on The Cod Squad!, Eye-brow raising specials!, Chef Brian's Swordfish Steak Sandwich - FRESH off the griddle!, It's Humpday Harvard University - serving up Halibut Fingers & Haddock - always fresh...with Bon Me Food Truck, null, They shore are! :), YUM! Food truck fair?, The Cottage Wellesley! with Edna Valley Vineyard Chardonnay...perfect pair!, Yummy Sesame Ahi Tuna Nachos
seared rare, with crispy wonton chips, asian vegetables, ginger vinaigrette and wasabi cream paired with Edna Valley Chard...perfect for a brainstorming session!, Rumor has it...The Cod Squad will be featured in an upcoming issue! We'll keep you in the nets on this one!, Loved seaing our own Marcelo's boys who dropped anchor Captain Marden's Seafoods to say goodbye to Big Wally - and what a picture Gabe made! Thank you Gabe!, null, Bummer...generator not cooperating...no lunch for the bunch today! :(, There's nothing Common about Common Spaces Harvard University! Come by for lunch today and get hooked on our fish & chips! (always fresh)!
, What a delicious dish - come by Captain Marden's Seafoods for the shrimp! We think this could be a fabulous dish on The Cod Squad!, Baja Taco Truck just brought lunch over - so thoughtful, take a peek! Muey Bueno! Gracias!, We LOVE being next to Bon Me Food Truck on Frydays!, So many thanks to our friends Momogoose Foodtruck for the bbq chx soup - SO yummy!, There is something for everyone here on Dewey Square! Baja Taco Truck Bon Me Food TruckThe Cookie Monstah! Fabulous Friday!, Baja Taco Truck is talking about The Fat Skipper Sandy Andrew made yesterday - apparently, Andrew's on to something!, What the Skippers do while getting set up - don't know what to call this, but I'm sure it hits the spot...looks like haddock, french fries, cheddar AND coleslaw - good for college students, perhaps! Maybe we should call it a Haddock Ruben!, We're hooked on you! Are you hooked on us? You will be after sampling today's specials: Fresh Shrimp Crab Haddock Cuban Stew, Fresh Florida Gulf Shrimp grilled with a cucumber dill yogurt sauce! On Belvidere Street - Boston Christian Science Plaza, Boston!, Hooray for Harvard University Day! Join us with Bon Me Food Truck today for lunch!, Today's extra special sandwich special  - spicy hot!, null, null, Stuart Street in Boston! with Momogoose Foodtruck & Taco Party - HOT Black pepper-crusted salmon sandwich with ranch dressing, lettuce, tomato & onion! Swordfish Kebab (sea pic below)!, Special tomorrow on Stuart Street, Boston - Fish Sticks!, Hooked on our seafood? You can Catch us Monday The Camera Company Tuesday on Stuart Street, Wednesday Harvard University Thursday Christian Science Plaza, Boston on Belvidere St., and Friday Dewey Square South End, Boston, Massachusetts!, Thanks Hub Food Trucks !, Herbed rubbed fresh swordfish steak kebab with dijon mustard sauce and smashed potatoes! Yum!, It's more than just Fish Fryday! It's a Foodie Truck Friday Dewey Square! with Baja Taco Truck The Cookie Monstah Bon Me Food Truck - Lunch: Hearty Smoked Haddock Chowder from The Cod Squad, Chips & Guac from Baja, Tofu & Shitake Mushroom rice bowl from Bon Me Foods & dessert from Cookie Monstah! Join the Phenomenon! Hub Food Trucks Boston Foodie Tours !, Thanks Hub Food Trucks! We were with Mayor Marty last night WeWork - he loved The Cod Squad, Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese and Paris Creperie Food Truck ... we appreciated his sentiments!
, There's good news and bad news...the good news? It's supposed to be 50 degrees tomorrow! And, don't let a few rain drops prevent you from visiting Dewey Square Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky, and Popeo Rose Kennedy Greenway Friday for Fish Fryday! With Baja Taco Truck Momogoose Foodtruck The Cookie Monstah, Arsenal Medical today NECN and tonight you ask? Such a special night with our friends James & Nick (I'm one lucky Seahag!) Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese Paris Creperie Food Truck WeWork Boston!, On Stuart Street today with Taco Party Momogoose Foodtruck - Loc has already placed his order from Stuart Weitzman Copley Place ... he likes extra homemade tartar sauce with his combo - what about you? Will we be seaing you Baja Taco Truck today? SPECIALS: Carrot Ginger Soup, Grilled Swordfish Sandwich, & Salmon Burger with Cheddar & Caramelized Onions - Sandies always on Hazels Bakery rolls, delivered fresh each morning!, null, Happy Presidents' Day Everyone! We're in Norwood, Massachusetts today - The Camera Company - with something to warm your sole!, Come to the Westborough Buick GMC Dealership - take a test drive, and lunch is FREE! til 3pm!, null, Todays Specials on Dewey Square:
Crab and mushroom soup $4-/$6-

Grilled crab and cheddar cheese sandwich with tomato and Green onion $12- 

Honey BBQ swordfish sandwich with caramelized onions and Cheddar $10- 

Homemade Valentines Day cookies for Grown ups

chewy chocolate chip, Bourbon chocolate crinkle, Orange shortbread

 6 cookies for $3, Pucker Up Baja Taco Truck Bon Me Food Truck The Cookie Monstah ! We'll have calamari on The Cod Squad Dewey Square today! Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky, and Popeo - what Partner's Luncheon? Come on down!, Dewey Square ! Be there or be square!, Happy Valentine's Day with Love from The Cod Squad!, null, Vote now for your favorite Taco Food Truck! Baja Taco Truck Taco Party The Taco Truck !, null, Food truck snow furlough today ... will miss our Christian Science Plaza, Boston friends! We hope to sea you tomorrow with our friends Baja Taco Truck Bon Me Food Truck The Cookie Monstah !, null, Ahoy! We're setting sail for Boston today, dropping anchor at Stuart St.  Here are some awesome specials for today. 
Carrot ginger soup. Crab melt sandwich. Honey BBQ Swordfish sandwich with caramelized  onions and cheddar. SEA you there!, null, Pan-seared Swordfish Steak special, served over a bed of fresh baby spinach & arugula & radicchio with lemon caper butter & fresh asparagus! It's yours on The Cod Squad Dewey Square Rose Kennedy Greenway, null, Baja Taco Truck we'll tradja a Swordfish Steak Special for a Carne Asada Bean Rice Cheese Burrito topped with your FINomenol Guac & always fresh medium salsa, por favor! Gracias!, Another Special - Chef Brian is trying out his hand at French cuisine today!, Specials you ask? Hub Food Trucks this is what you're missing today on Dewey Square - Cuban Fisherman's Stew! Fresh everything! Tomatoes, garlic, fish broth, and chunks 'o fresh haddock, shrimp, and crab!, It's a mini food truck FEASTIVAL today The Rose F. Kennedy Greenway Dewey Square South Station with Baja Taco Truck The Cookie Monstah Bon Me Food Truck and The Cod Squad! Fish Fryday!, Specials on Belvidere!, Simply Fresh! Simply New England!, Fresh off the boats in City of Boston (Government) Seaport!, null, We're not letting a little snow rock our boat! We're bringing our, 'keepers' to Belvidere St. today with The Pasta Pot Taco Party! Russell and Keith are great - come down for lunch!, It's a beautiful snow day out there and if you are missing food trucks today, you can visit some of our brick & mortars! Captain Marden's Seafoods Momogoose Foodtruck Mei Mei Street Kitchen Pennypackers Food Truck Clover Food Lab !, null, Setting sail for Stuart Street with Taco Party & Momogoose Foodtruck - SPECIALS: Lobster Bisque for Kevin, The Captain's stuffed clams! Rosemary Skewered Swordfish with Balsamic-onion Jam & Jonah Crab Risotto Cake (yes, really!) and always fresh! Buffalo Shrimp Plate with homemade blue cheese dressing!, SOOOOOOO Romantic!, Do you live or work near Norwood? Come to 858 Boston Providence Highway for lunch today!, The Cod Squad has a crush on Baja Taco Truck! Yes, the way to her heart is through her huge stomach! Chix Tacos! YUMMY!, Thank you to The Taco Party for the awesomeness!, What Baja Taco Truck does to his New England Clam Chowda - it's a true work of art!, What's on the menu!, null, How cool is this? It's a mini Food Truck Feast on Dewey Square today Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway with Baja Taco TruckThe Cookie Monstah & Bon Me Food Truck!, null, Tangerini's Spring Street Farm a great recipe for your delicious egglplant!, null, It's a Souper day for a Super Bowl of Fish Chowda! It's one of our daily specials - Kevin, can you hear us? Belvidere Street, Boston with The Pasta Pot & Biryani Park !, One of today's specials - PLUS: FISH CHOWDA! Loaded with Haddock, fresh cream, diced potatoes, smoked Maine bacon...served with our signature home-made cornbread!, Chef Brian Mop Head - Cousin It would be so jealous!, null, null, NYC Food Truck Association has it going on! Food trucks are a fun, fast, tasty, affordable alternative to traditional caterers - and we can go anywhere (beaches, back yards, forests, farms - you name it!) - Give us a call 617-921-9322! Reserve now...time is flying!, null, A Fun event for a Fabulous cause! And...a food truck to boot! Buoy this sounds like a real winner!, Have a hankering for our always fresh haddock sandy? We miss you too~! - It looks like the temps will rise by Friday, until then, we're closed. Anyone miss our fish?, null, Captain Marden's Seafoods is the seafood purveyor for lumiere the restaurant and Area Four! , I bet there will be a fabulous white Bordeaux to pair with our always fresh pan seared scallops!, Really Cool!, FRESH Yellow-Fin Tuna Salad, Hand-cut Fries, House-made Coleslaw ...A fan favorite! Tuna Melt!, Cuban Fish Stew with muscles, shrimp, haddock, two types of tomatoes, peppers, potatoes, zucchini, carrots, green onions! It was deeelicious!, Norwell Farms thank you for such a great time at Norwell Day!, Blabbering t' er mates - the big beautiful whale of a truck, aka, The Cod Squad is 'chillin' the rest of the week, but look for us next week at our usuals, PLUS a surprise port! 

Tues: Stuart St.
Thurs: Belvidere St.
Friday: Dewey Square 
Monday: TBA
Wed:TBA, Thank you to Natick Visiting Nurse Association for the invitation to participate in this awesome event with other local favorites! Like Sweet Basil Blue Ginger The Local Fifth Avenue Liquors!, null, Today is National New England Clam Chowder Day - HOT Chowda anyone?? It's yours while it lasts - on Stuart Street with Taco Party and Momogoose Foodtruck !Hub Food Trucks - I need glasses!, Trang filleting fresh Salmon!, This looks delicious! We are going to try this recipe - would you like to try this dish from The Cod Squad?, null, No, Brian, you don't really look, "Bad" driving a big food truck! Nice try, though!, This Pollock will be available within two hours on The Cod Squad today at Dewey Square!, Rosa filleting fresh pollock!, Penny - we'll be on Belvidere today!, Just in case you missed it the first time around!, Just to, 'wet your whistles' for the upcoming episode of Eat St. featuring The Cod Squad, Bone Daddy's Burgers Fugu Truck & Mei Mei Street Kitchen! I saw this truck for Me-self last month! She's a real beauty - and DEEElicious too! And the crew? Awesome!

Baby's Badass Burgers, It was so great to SEA all of you last night! A wonderful group! Thanks to Eric Food Trucks In and Steve Hub Food Trucks for making the trip - it went swimingly!, Locally sourced seafood has been a top trend for Captain Marden's Seafoods for nearly 70 years! SO glad U.S. chefs are "catching" on!, This is great news! Just had to blabber to our Mates! Keep an eye out for a post announcing the 5th Season of Eat St. featuring The Cod Squad, Fugu Truck, Mei Mei Street Kitchen and Bone Daddy's Burgers!, Christian Science Plaza, Boston today! Specials: Creamy tomato basil soup, Old Bay spiced roasted Mahi Mahi sandwich with lemon caper sauce and Buffalo Shrimp plate with homemade blue cheese dressing! YUM! We're having a whale of a time over here!, null, null, So glad to be weather the seas on Stuart Street today!, Baja Taco Truck Fugu TruckPennypackers Food TruckMei Mei Street KitchenArea FourBon Me FoodsParis Creperie Food Truck Bone Daddy's BurgersRoxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese Tenoch Mexican /M-MM & M Ribs, http://www.hubfoodtrucks.com/, Stay tuned for some exciting news! The word is out! The Cod Squad is one of Boston's TOP food trucks, and now...not telling yet, two more towns have a hankering for our haddock sandwich! TBA soon!, Bringing our shovel to Dewey Squat Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway - hot chowda being served - extra piping!, null, null, One of our favorite things that happens at The Cod Squad, is when someone new tries one of our fresh seafood dishes - the Combo, for example, it's crazy -" fresh clams and scallops?" they ask!! Yip - shucked this a.m., we respond...but THEN, 1/2 hour later, they literally come running back to the truck and say, "That was one of the BEST meals I have ever had! And so cheap!" ... "Thank you", we humbly reply...wishing more people knew about what we actually bring to the streets of New England - Now is YOUR chance to CAST (yes cast!) YOUR vote for YOUR favorite rookie of the year food truck. Just one year old, we are 10,000 leagues under the Sea and truly in a League of our own! Vote now!, Setting sail for Belvidere! Warm up with our always 145 degree always fresh New England Clam Chowda!, Good thing the Ocean doesn't freeeeezeeee! Fish are biting - SEA you tomorrow on Belvidere Street in Boston - who's in?, Baja Taco Truck - I know we are going to get a mouthful from you because we are not going out today! Our windows are TOOOO big, and you have that dinky one that only lets a little of this bitter weather in...so you will have to wait until Fryday to get your calamari, and conversely, we will have to also wait for Mario's frijoles con queso and your super duper guac!, Off the road today...but on Stuart Street next to The Fairmont Copley Plaza and The John Hancock Center tomorrow!, We have some exciting news for our friends in Cambridge and Waltham! Waiting to hear back about when we can start bringing our fresh seafood to Harvard and Constant Contact! We will keep you posted!, Thanks to all of our wonderful customers and fellow food truckers!, You'll be SEAing our smiling faces again next week! Keep your hankering for our always fresh fish on ice!, You'll be Seaing our smiling faces again next week!
Tbone Talbot, Be sure to visit the Food Truck Festivals of New England website and make your plans for the 2014 Festival season! Many thanks to them for featuring your healthy food truck choices in their newsletter!, null, The Cod Squad uses: Save-That-Stuff Save That Stuff, Inc., null, null, with BBBBBenny & the Crepes today ! Benny's Crepe Cafe  in Needham Center!, Baja Taco Truck 's favorite lunch - Calamari & the Daily Special!, Docking down on Dewey Square today with our buddies from Baja Taco Truck and Bon Me Foods!, null, 25 Mall Road - Burlington!, Merry Christmas SLMWines - Your Destination for Wines, Spirits and Craft Beers ! You are all awesome!, Thank you to all of our loyal friends at Captain Marden's Seafoods! You're keeping us very busy - The Cod Squad will be serving lunch on Mall Road in Burlington, Massachusetts Thursday and Friday!, null, Something is Fishy with the Squad Girl - the doctor gave us a, 'fins up' for tomorrow, but not today! We'll miss you Belvidere!, null, null, We will miss you all today! Mike, Paul, Kevin, Peter, Jen, Phyllis! The Squad is in the shop for maintenance :) SEA you Thursday on Belvidere!, null, We will be land-ho tomorrow on Stuart Street on Tuesday!, Re-Groupering after a long week! SEA you Tuesday on Stuart Street -, null, Brian has been in the kitchen all morning working on tomorrow's specials...buffalo shrimp! fish tacos! soy ginger salmon soup! We're on Belvidere Street tomorrow - Christian Science Plaza, Boston Prudential Center Wayfair.com!, null, Great news.  Filled to the gills!  Come help us unload some of our freshest in town seafood today on Stuart Street!, The Squad is in the shop for routine maintenance - but not worries, she will be filled to the gills with our always fresh seafood, and on the ports of the City of Boston soon! Stay tuned!, Assembly Square Mall Somerville!, It's our debut on the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway South Station for Fish Fryday! Who's in? Daily Special! Captain Gregg's favorite: our fresh clam plate. Donations to support Gregg's Scholarship Fund - he was a close colleague and a very special friend - and we appreciated his kindness and attention, loved his dog with pastrami. We miss you Gregg!, The Cod Squad's Debut at Dewey Square Friday, December 6, 2013!, Thankful Thursdays: THANKS to our foodie fans for your hankering for our always fresh seafood! We're at Belvidere Street today Christian Science Plaza, Boston Wayfair.com Prudential Center MFS Investment Management! SEA you soon!, null, Looking forward to serving Acquia today!, null, Gregg LOVED the clam roll Chef Brian used to make him. In honor of Gregg, we will donate a portion of the proceeds from the sales of our clam rolls, plates and combos to Gregg's foundation for the next week!  Gregg - you are so loved!, It's GivingTuesday today! We're giving to the Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) because we are thankful for all of their hard work!, Join us on Stuart St., Boston on GivingTuesday - we're giving back to the wonderful nurses of Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) ! They make a difference to patients of over 28 local communities., null, Stop by Captain Marden's Seafoods today for a gift certificate! Make this a BIG day for SMALL businesses!, null, Wayward Ho! Not setting sail today, so sorry Needham! Hopefully, we will sea you before the Spring - working on it!, UClub fans - we're in our way to Stuart Street! City of Boston (Government)!!, Closed today. Just too darn chilly!, Stay tuned...are we going to open at Second Ave. Needham tomorrow or not?, null, A wonderful evening planned for Baja Taco Truck and The Cod Squad! A special party planned for the folks and friends of HBO's Mini 'Olive Kitteridge'!, null, null, Stop by the Premium Outlets today in Wrentham, and then have a bite to eat at The Cod Squad - we're SLMWines - Your Destination for Wines, Spirits and Craft Beers with Miami Monkey bottle signing with Bit Ang!, Great to meet you Frank! SEA you tomorrow!, The City of Boston, Join us on GivingTuesday and we'll be donating a portion of our proceeds to the Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) ! , null, We have a very special day today! Second Ave. Needham...then, drum roll please... SLMWines - Your Destination for Wines, Spirits and Craft Beers with Big Ang!, Thanks, Supa!, Look at how awesome Superman is! (aka Adilson) - he's feeding a member of The Cod Squad with authentic Brazilian BBQ! Think I will add a little Haddock to this lunch feast!, null, null, Try our Crispy Shrimp Tacos today using La Nina's Tortillas! They'll warm your sole!, We love watching what our customers to do our hand-cut French fries - some people drizzle malt vinegar over them...some people eat them just as they are - crispy with a little sea salt sprinkled lightly on them - but this fun customer loves to lather ketchup on them!, So....yesterday, our Chef Brian sold the LAST fish taco, so Terri was sad...and behold, he took some fresh haddock, salsa, warm tortillas from La Nina and put together a little mini fish taco...so thoughtful and so yummy!, Crispy Shrimp Tacos today on Belvidere St! Boston!, Fresh Haddock Tacos with Tortilleria La Nina 's Tortillas! Yummy!, Sea you Fri & Sat SLMWines - Your Destination for Wines, Spirits and Craft Beers with Michael Graham and Miami Monkey & Big Ang Raiola !, Yull be eyein' this with pleasure! Commander's Mansion at Noon today!, Feeding the crew of Olive Kitteridge! We were told they have a hankering for our always fresh lobsta rolls, clam chowda, and haddock sandy!, null, null, null, Surprise! Second Ave Needham!, Sea y'all tomorrow Weston Town Center The Meadowbrook School! Holiday Market~!, null, Hoisting the Sails Mateys! Navigating our way to Second Ave. Needham! David of Upromise can you hear me? Gerry Coca-Cola are you getting the usual? Brittany Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates you stoppin by?, The Captain of The Cod Squad sharing our tasty scallops with a friend! SOOOO Yummy!, To Belvidere! Christian Science Plaza, Boston!, null, null, THREE weeks from today! It's GivingTuesday! Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA)! It's a Win/Win! Great food - great giving! 10% being donated!, Our Chef!, null, Hot New England Clam Chowda on Stuart Street! John Hancock Tower !, Swabbing the decks...hoisting the sails on TUESDAY at Stuart Street right around the corner from Copley Square Farmers Market and across the street from The Fairmont Copley Plaza Come on over, Oscar!, We may be lowering our sails for the weekend...stay tuned!, null, ALL TIPS ARE FOR ROSA! All tips in November will be given to our beautiful Rosa who lost everything she and her family own in a terrible house fire. Please help us to help her! Thank you!/Obrigado!, What's for Lunch! Swordfish Kebabs!, Look at our awesome customers on Belvidere Street in Boston! Sea you today - who's hankering for our fresh swordfish kebab today?, One week ago on Halloween!, Trang doin' his thang!, Love having you all stop by for Fish Frydays!, Today - almost setting sail for 480 Arsenal Medical..NESN Upromise Sea you soon!, Needham - do you want The Cod Squad to come by on 2nd Avenue? Coca-Cola Gerry? Tom? Karen? Carla? Elizabeth? Isis Parenting? Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates? How's Fish Friday?, Join us on Tuesday, Dec. 3rd at Stuart Street...your lunch counts - We're giving back to GivingTuesday toward Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA)!, ArsenalArsenal Medical Wednesday for lunch! Yummy hot New England Clam Chowda, Lobsta Rolls, Fish & Chips and more!, Upromise do you promise to visit us at 480 Arsenal Street, Watertown, MA tomorrow for lunch?, NESN rumor has it you have some folks at 480 Arsenal St...send them on over for a fresh seafood lunch tomorrow - Nov. 6!, So Happy to be serving y'all New England Clam Chowda, Lobsta Rolls, Crab Cake Sandwiches, Fish & Chips and more tomorrow, Wednesday, November 6th!, null, null, Navigating our way to Stuart Street, Boston right around the corner from Copley Square Farmers Market !, Thank you to the Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) for the invitation to participate in GivingTuesday! A portion of our proceeds from our lunch date with our fab customers at Stuart Street next to  The Fairmont Copley Plaza will benefit the Natick VNA who serve over 28 communities surrounding the Boston area!, null, null, null, So appropriate for The Cod Squad to be serving up our always fresh local seafood to the attendees of American-Public-HealthAmerican Public Health Association 's event at the Boston Convention Center!, It's a stunner of a day! On our way to the Boston Massachusetts Convention Center Authority with The Chicken And Rice Guys Kickass Cupcakes The Taco Truck yummy grub!, One week ago on Halloween!, Ahoy Me Hearties! Do you wonder where we get a lot of our always fresh produce? Celebrating with Tangerini's Spring Street Farm yesterday - look at the cake Simone gave the Farm!, The Cod Squad is closed today but open for a special event tomorrow Massachusetts Convention Center Authority Boston Convention Center! With The Chicken And Rice Guys Kickass Cupcakes and The Taco Truck!, null, Celebrating Jon and Meredith's love tonight CommunityRowing ! with The Paris Creperie and Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese XOXO, null, It's a windy day! No capsizing for This Ship! Heading to 2nd Ave. Needham!, One week ago on Halloween!, null, Lobsta Mac & Cheese, Great specials today!, Captain's Log: In addition to our fabulous COMBOS (pick two: scallops, haddock, clams, oysters, calamari, pollock) here are the specials!, THANKS to 114 of our fans! There's still time to vote!, It's another stellar day! The fish were biting this morning...you never have to dip deep into your pockets for an always fresh lobsta roll from The Cod Squad! Stuart Street Boston!, null, This October weather rocks! Heading out to Boston City Hall Plaza as we speak! A fabulous Fall special: butternut squash and sweet crab bisque!, Here's a mystery for ya - we have 639 Fans and we love them all! And, we know you love us, too (because you tell us all the time)...we have 92 votes so far - that is just shy of 15% of our total Fan Base - click click click away to the Food Truck Throwdown page and vote for Your Fav Boston Food Truck! (we know which one it is)...and thank you!, foodtruckthrowdown.com

We are rising to the top faithful fans!  10% of you have voted so far - can we climb to 100%, Go Sox!, Ahoy ! If all of our fans voted - Boston food trucks would with both World Series competitions!  It's easy - vote for our Grand Slam now!, and Captain Marden's Seafoods!, Setting sail for 2nd Ave. - Needham!, God Bless you, Greg! Thank you for being a Super person and kind and generous addition to our food truck community! You will be missed., Gifted 's 5th Anniversary Partay!, Visit Gifted to shop for those special people in your lives! Hand-made Jewelry, Pottery, Purses and more! Let Bo give you a little smooth while you're at it!, Dear Greg. I know you can hear us. We love you. Your work and kindness, and dedication to reaching out to others was inspirational to all of us here on The Cod Squad. God Bless you and those you have left behind. Thank you for your friendship. You will be missed beyond measure!
, null, Let's win BOTH the World Series AND the World Series Boston vs. St. Louis Food Truck Throwdown! Vote for YOUR fav truck here!, Gifted 's 5th Anniversary Partay!, null, Go to Gifted tonight for a celebration of their 5th anniversary!k The Cod Squad is catering this special event :) 7:00-9:00 pm on the corner of Dartmouth/Tremont South End, Boston..., Status: 2nd Avenue, Needham! Specials? Always FRESH local swordfish kebob! Yum!, The City of Boston, We won't be abandoning ship this winter...still sailing strong - today? Stuart Street...visit the Copley Square Farmers Market then have lunch with us!, null, How do YOU eat our always fresh seafood?, null, null, Weather Report? check Fresh Fish? check Snappy Mateys? check You? check! Haines Square Medford MA!, Come sea us tomorrow at the Haines Square Fall Festival in Medford, Massachusetts !, null, The skies have cleared! Calm seas abound! Needham, Massachusetts here we come!, Compliments Food Truck, Setting Sail for Belvidere on this Beautiful Day with The Pasta Pot and Biryani Park - We're gonna get us some rum...no, we mean, mango smoothie from Biryani! YUM!, null, Come out for a great cause Natick High School tonight!, Okay Compliments Food Truck! We have it correct! SEA you tonight? Natick High School! Yipp!, null, Thinking of our pal, Jim Braude today because we are serving Seafood Jambalya...his fav!
, So fun and so nice - the phone keeps ringing, "Are you coming to Needham today?" I say, "Yes", they say, "Excellent! I'll tell the office! I'll be the most popular person today!" - Glad we can oblige! :), null, Sailing Away on this beautiful day! on our way to Stuart Street!, Where we are today! It's awesome! Come on by! Sidewalk Sam is going to be there!, null, null, The Cod Squad is an Earthly Vessel with Heavenly Contents!, With Compliments Food Truck Town of Natick, MA feeding the crowds of Natick Soccer Club, MA!, https://www.facebook.com/Foodtrucksin, null, We are very honored to be invited back to Acquia today for Fish Fryday!, Lobsta bisque and salmon burgers on 2nd Ave in Needham, One of our very fav days - surf & turf with Blue Ribbon BBQ!, Alvino M. Bennett Dave Mason Jason Roller, LOVE Rebel Without a Kitchen Travel and Escape  Matt of Fidel Gastro's is a wonderful person! Thanks to the entire crew! :), null, null, Honored to be one of two #bostonfoodtrucks being featured by Toronto's Rebel Without a Kitchen! They are highlighting our New England Clam Chowda & Fried Clams!, Come on down to City of Boston (Government) City Hall Plaza today! Travel and Escape is featuring our NE Clam Chowda & Fried Clams today!, Westwood, Massachusetts Day! Come on by for some always fresh lobsta rolls!, You!re not melting - we promise!  It's just a little sprinkle - surf and turf with Blue Ribbon BBQ on 2nd Ave! Needham  lobsta bisque, creamy crab & cheddar dip w/Maine crabmeat, sherry, and green onions. Also - oven roasted salmon burger w/honey Dijon, lettuce, tomato & onion on a fresh Hazel's Bakery roll!, How do YOU eat our always fresh seafood?, null, Lobsters just out of the tank...just squoze fresh lemon juice on them while still warm, tossed JUST the knuckle & claw meat (the most tender part of the Lobsta) with minced purple onion, celery, &  a dollop of mayo - YUM! Hazel's Bakery Rolls just came in - they're still warm - too! Who can't resist! ?, null, Who knows what day it is today? (besides Paul) - first correct guess gets today's National food day favorite free!, It's Surf 'n Turf Wednesday with  Blue Ribbon Barbecue on 2nd Ave. Needham - who's in?, null, Blabber T' yer mates!, null, null, null, null, null, Who's up for celebrating this FINTASTIC weather with a fresh from the depths of our local Atlantic Ocean Haddock Sandy? On Stuart Street today - across from The Fairmont Copley Plaza! Come make yer mark!, Leaving our Home port shortly for Boston City Hall Plaza! With The Pasta Pot!, null, Thanks Thrillist!
You have great taste! We also love Mei Mei Street Kitchen The Chicken And Rice Guys Bon Me Food Truck Fugu Truck Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese Bone Daddy's Burgers Baja Taco Truck, It's Surf & Turf Friday! 2nd Ave., Needham with Blue Ribbon Barbecue! Specials: Oyster Po-Boy, Potato Leek Soup, Cumin Rubbed Tuna Kebab with Habanero  Mayo! Yum!, Clear sailin thru Sunday! Who's visiting us on Belvidere today?, Sunny day specials!, 2nd Avenue Needham!, Eat St. is a fabulous show, featuring North America's finest food trucks! Catch 4 of your favorites, being featured on the show next year! The Cod Squad, Bone Daddy's Burgers, Mei Mei Street Kitchen and Fugu Truck!, Sea you there, matie!, null, null, null, Stuart Street - Boston - shop for fresh fruit and veggies Copley Square Farmers Market and then pop in for some fresh striped bass!, Thanks to Converse for a wonderful day on Wednesday! We loved using Fresh Truck fresh produce, pairing it with our always fresh lobsta!, what be troublin' ye? Hankering for haddock? hoisting our sails! onward ho! City of Boston (Government) with The Pasta Pot make yer mark!, null, null, null, null, 2nd Avenue, Needham, navigating our way to you now!, Thanks Chef Brian and Terri Klippert Beal for having me aboard. It was a great time and winning a People's Choice Award was a nice way to finish the evening. #CodSquad does it again!, Aye Matey! It's officially "Talk like a Pirate Day!"  So, whether ye are a lubber or buccuneer, stroll up to a bucko on The Cod Squad, talk like a pirate, and get a free cup o chowda! 
http://www.talklikeapirate.com/, null, Making headway toward Stuart Street, right around the corner from The Fairmont Copley Plaza and Copley Place!, null, Converse Foodie Event Wednesday! Featuring The Codverse Squad!, Codverse!!, null, Happy Birthday to one of our favs!, Yes... Stephen. That's right. Please answer the question!  Where have you been?  We've missed you!, Noon Hill Grille! We love what they do with our seafood!, We love you Stephen and Jason!, We load em up!!!, At the Granary Tavern with Charlotte !  Gee - is that Captain Marden's salmon?, Boston City Hall Plaza today with lobsta bisque & Caesar. Salad with homemade croutons!, WGBH It's the day that Jim Braude Boston Public Radio has been waiting for! We're calling it WGBH Jamby Day! You can bet we'll be posting photos...can't make it today at 2nd Avenue, Needham? We'll save some and make a special delivery!, null, The Able Bodied Seamen of The Cod Squad are setting sail for Belvidere St! Boston Christian Science Plaza, Boston!, OOOOO...sweet, poached, plump shrimp pasta salad - a hot day cool down Daily Special!, 2nd Ave. - Needham - here we come! Going to the meeting tonight at Needham, Massachusetts about mobile food vending! full steam ahead!, null, null, null, I think he looks sad because he was actually, 'on the set', when The Cod Squad was docked on Location of The Judge! Come back to us RDJ for an always fresh Lobsta RolL!, Boston City Hall Plaza sportin' some awesome specials! MAKE MY DAY fresh Spicey Mako Shark App! & Tangerini's Spring Street Farm Sweet Corn & Crab Cake Dinner with Spicy Romalade!, null, Setting Sail for Natick Center! It's Food Truck Festivals of New England Day! Come one ... Come all! Serving our very famous, hand-made Fresh Maine Crab Meat Crab Cakes with a little something extra - ya! Tangerini's Spring Street Farm Super Sweet variety corn! woo hoot!, null, null, Just set sail for 2nd Avenue, Needham!, null, null, null, null, ...on the road again...yes, we're back on the road again! Belvidere Street...Boston Thursday and - 2nd Ave. Needham Friday!, We will miss you, Needham today! Our Girl is having her yearly physical...keep you posted!, null, Just about ready to pop in the kitchen to see what Chef Brian is up to...anybody wanna guess? I bet he's using the local fresh pickins &  seasonal daily catches!, null, staying docked in Westwood today...great to have a Not Labor Day! Back in the open seas tomorrow on Stuart Street in Boston!, null, null, Look who popped in to Sea us at The Cod Squad yesterday!, Just loaded the Squad with Squid (and much more!) - Rumor has it from Baja Taco Truck that the Boston "ahts" festival is fab- come on down Boston Arts Festival !!!, null, null, null, Private wedding today Humarock, Massachusetts...tomorrow you ask? @Boston-Arts-Festival! with Baja Taco Truck! :), Docked at 2nd Ave. Needham today! Til 3 - come by for some surf & turf with Blue Ribbon Barbecue!, Come down to Belvidere St at 11:30 for the filming of Eat St!, Hello? Can you hear us? Show up at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow at Belvidere Street for the shooting of Eat St. - there'll be give-aways, fun, and fresh seafood, of course!, Be at Belvidere street tomorrow at 11:30 am for @EatSt. Shoot day!, Heading to a private event today - so sorry Needham!, null, null, I sure hope we don't get a cod complex over this fabulous adventure! With Eat St.  on Thursday at 11:30! 
http://eatst.foodnetwork.ca/blog/eat-st-on-location-biting-into-boston.html, null, null, null, null, Loving Mondays! Chef Brian is masterfully preparing potato salad - kind of picnic style - to pair with the fresh daily catches on Boston City Hall Plaza with The Pasta Pot and Benny's Crepe Cafe!, Crescent Ridge Dairy today for lunch, tomorrow for dinner!, Oh where oh where is the Captain of The Cod Squad today? On Boston Public Radio! Tune in for Friday News Quiz this afternoon on 89.7! with Clover Food Lab!, null, null, Crispy Clams over Caesar salad...Shrimp Skewer over local greens..Oyster PoBoy...yum!, Thanks for all the calls, Needham, Massachusetts fans! To answer your questions, yes, it is surf & turf day on 2nd Ave. with Isis Parenting & Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates ... the fish are biting!, One week from today Eat St. will be filming us on Belvidere Christian Science Plaza, Boston  - come today for a trial run!, null, null, Who visits us on Belvidere St Christian Science Plaza, Boston Prudential Center?  Next Thursday, August 29th Eat St. will be filming our fabulous lunch hour!, Hook, Line & Lunch! Today - featuring...fresh sweet Maine crabmeat creole & sweet Tangerini's Spring Street Farm corn soup!, Chef Brian has been busy this morning! Using Tangerini's Spring Street Farm fresh hots - he has put a spicy mahi-mahi sandwich together paired with a slaw - bring your fire extinguisher! 2nd Avenue Needham, Massachusetts, It's a special day here, the Captain of The Cod Squad's Dad is dining with us today here on Stuart St. Copley Square, Boston ... he's gonna wash down his Lobsta Roll with a local ale The Fairmont Copley Plaza! And...then - on to Copley Square Farmers Market! He may never return to Austin!, Thanks for all the calls 7 texts - we are so glad you have discovered the reasonably priced, fresher than Joan Rivers - choose your own Combo-Plates! and specials today? Creole Crab & Corn Soup, Lobster Cocktail only $9! (2 halved lobster tails), Lobster Corn Hushpuppies - App or Plate, Tuna melt (always fresh yellow-fin tuna, never canned!) - and Fresh Salmon and Dill Salad over lots of local greens!, Wow - have you looked outside yet? It's a beauty! Come visit us on Boston City Hall Plaza today for our daily always fresh catch of the season!, Stop by Crescent Ridge Dairy tonight between 4-8 - have some fish & chips and then wash them down with fresh - in the top 10 in the U.S. ice cream!, On our way to the The Tomato Bash at the Brockton Fair ! Should be a BASH BLAST! with Baja Taco Truck and Boston's Baddest Burger & Sandwich Co. We love Bryan and Kevin! Muah!, Visit us here today!, So excited to feed the hungry crew with our always fresh New England seafood! They'll be smitten!, Hello faithful fans! Heading off to Needham and then...drum roll please...to feed the hungry crew working on The Judge Warner Bros. Entertainment - they want our famous, always fresh lobster rolls, clam rolls, haddock sandwich & crab cake sandwich! It will go swimmingly!, Specials!!!, Taza Chocolate, Setting Sail for Belvidere Street today! And - it's a beauty~!, It's Surf & Turf day in Needham with Blue Ribbon Barbecue! Something for everyone! Coca-Cola! TOO! Two soup specials:   creamy broccoli cheddar & cool as a cucumber State of Maine crab meat green gazpacho! Cousin Rich’s Quahog cake plate drizzled with lemony garlic aioli! AND...Buffalo shrimp plate with homemade blue cheese dressing! who can decide?, Setting sail for Stuart Street! The New England Beach Soccer Cup and University Club Boston! Sea you soon!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Are we going to see you on Boston City Hall Plaza today?, Off to Sagamore Beach, Massachusetts for a Very Happy 50th Birthday Party...featuring fresh sweet Maine crab gazpacho! Yum!, Setting sail for Crescent Ridge Dairy Farmer's Market! Are YOU eating your daily rainbow? Come by for our always fresh fish & chips - and take home some eggplant, tomatoes, cucumbers, radishes, corn - what color of the rainbow is your favorite food?, Acquia ! Love our lunchdates with you!, Taza Chocolate! Serving Tangerini's Spring Street Farm sweet corn grits with Maker's Mark drizzled Louisiana shrimp garnished with green onions and Taza Chocolate Nibs ... YUM!, We love our customers on Belvidere Street in Boston! A few rain drops never stop you from munching on our always fresh, daily catches! Sea you real soon!, Just announced! We're one of your top five favorite food trucks in Boston! Thank you to our faithful followers, we love you too! Congrats to the four others - we are a great community!, Prepping today for some great events coming up, including the Taza Chocolate Summer Shindig tomorrow night! Featuring our famous Maker's Mark Louisiana Marisol Shrimp over sweet Tangerini's Spring Street Farm corn grits garnished with green onions and Taza chocolate nibs! YUM!, null, null, null, Great news! On BostonCentral Plaza today with Benny's Crepe Cafe and The Pasta Pot ! Get YOUR Grub on!, Hello to our City of Boston (Government) fans! Just a heads up...we may be a tad late Monday! We will keep you posted!, The Cod Squad is off-shore today - sea you tomorrow on Boston City Hall Plaza!, with Baja Taco Truck and Boston's Baddest Burger & Sandwich Co. at http://www.brocktonfair.com/, Nice Bass!, null, null, null, Bustling Bostonians...come to Belvidere for Bonafied fresh Boston's favorite Striped Bass Fingers w/a squiggle of lemony garlic aioli!, null, null, null, Today is the LAST day to vote for your favorite food truck The Boston A-List sponsored by WGBH!, Sorry, Belvidere St...we won't Sea you til next Tuesday!, Needham, Massachusetts we won't see you until next week...at the New England Morgan Horse Association show in Northampton, Massachusetts until Saturday!, null, null, We had a great time this weekend at Revere Beach!, Awwww shucks....thanks to everyone who voted for us in the WGBH Best of Boston contest. It seems like the voting software has gone a little wonky but we are pretty sure we are in the running. 4 more days to vote. http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, null, Tasty Louisiana BBQ Shrimp with The Jarvis Green Foundation on Outside The Box - think we'll have to serve it on The Cod Squad!, null, Great Fireworks, Families & Fun at Revere Beach, null, null, Thank you to The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck and Taco Party for such great Camaraderie today Revere, Massachusetts Sand Castle Event!  You guys rock!, null, Bon Mei sighting!, null, Revere BeachRevere, Massachusetts Friday, Saturday & Sunday...come on down!, null, null, null, The Net Result?  Always fresh halibut, pollock, yellow fin tuna, salmon, you on board?  Needham 2nd Ave all day Wed!, null, null, null, Stuart Street Copley Place Copley Square Farmers Market Tuesday...till 3...walk up hungry...swim away happy!, null, Boston City Hall Plaza yahoo, Huntington Avenue is closed today for 1/2 mile beginning at Belvidere Street...it's called Circle The City Boston! Start your day with always fresh seafood at The Cod Squad....and walk down Huntington Avenue and enjoy your local merchants, your neighbors and the sunshine! There til 4!, null, Thank you to all of our friends and fans who have voted for us in the Boston A-List. We have climbed to third spot! Yeah! We appreciate everyone's vote and support. If you haven't voted there is still time. ; ) http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, - “The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively” Bob Marley going to sea The Wailers how appropriate! The Whalers! Levitate Festival today!, Just about ready to set sail for 2nd Avenue, Needham with our buddies Blue Ribbon Barbecue!, Look who popped in to Sea us at The Cod Squad yesterday!, Look who popped in to Sea us at The Cod Squad yesterday!, Sea you there #CTCBoston on Belvidere Street!, Someone just asked us where we are going to be this weekend ... SO glad you asked! Levitate Festival and Circle The City Boston with Sustainable Business Network of Massachusetts !, null, So....on Stuart Street yesterday, we just happened to mention a contest that is going on...and guess what? They responded & their votes took us from 4th to 3rd place! Thanks so much!, Did someone say, "We fish you in Needham"? We fish you, too! So - we will sea you again today for a little surf & turf...with Blue Ribbon Barbecue!, Beat the heat with ALWAYS fresh Lobsta Meat! Today on Stuart Street!, Every day that is! Captain Marden's is the only food truck in Boston that has its seafood company attached to it. We get our lobsta and fish direct from the fishermen. How is that for FRESH?, null, What are you doing this Saturday? Here's where The Cod Squad is going to be!  #Levitate! So excited to see #TheWailers!❤💛💚, Stop by City Hall Plaza and cool down with one of our ALWAYS FRESH lobsta rolls on a toasted fresh Hazels Bakery roll...yum!, Hope everyone had an safe and enjoyable July 4th holiday/weekend. If you are taking it easy today and just surfing the net, give us a click and support the team. : p, Scallop Boats, One week from today - can't wait! It's gonna be great!, A fantastic event! Every City in America should have a Circle The City Boston Event!, At a private function today!  Closed tomorrow. Buy open on Monday at @iloveBoston!, null, Good morning America!  Did you honor your Independence yesterday?  Come say hello and have a bite to eat at 2nd Ave - Needham !, Happy 4th of July Boston!, null, Celebrating the Fourth at 279 Linden Street. Wellesley !!!, Just walked into the kitchen (stay with me here)...the aroma of fresh, Stone Harbor, Maine bacon filled the air...so I asked Chef Brian, "what's for lunch"? He declared: a Ranch Fish Sandwich: Always Fresh, right off the boat Pollock filet with crispy bacon, fire-roasted red peppers and homemade ranch dressing! YUM!, Sharon, Massachusetts July 4th Celebration tonight with The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck Boston's Baddest Burger & Sandwich Co. & The Dining Car ! So stoked!, Sea you there guys! Yippee - Surf & Turf!, Take the Plunge!  Navigate your way to 2nd Ave., Needham! Milo, are you coming to see Auntie Terri? Specials TBA shortly..., We know who you are....you haven't voted yet! What's stopping you? It's really easy...just go to:, ...oh yes, and... Hazels Bakery rolls...still warm!, On our way to Stuart Street! Featuring traditional New England favs again today! Just saw the haul being scaled and fileted...such fresh Haddock! Picked up some fresh tomatoes & romaine as toppings!, We cast our nets out every morning, and receive quite a haul! ALWAYS Fresh & Local Haddock, Pollock, Scallops and more! Can you cast your vote for us! And...be sure to share a tidbit of your experience as you vote!, null, The City of Boston City Hall Plaza...specials? Traditional New England ones today - Choose a combo plate: haddock, scallops, oysters, calamari, clams, Pollock...who can resist?, 25 days left and we are slowly catching on the pack. Support the Captain and help us to become the Best of Boston. Thanks Mates! http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, Sharon Farmer's Market today Crescent Ridge Dairy ! Such nice people - a great day to wash your haddock sandy down with a Crescent Ridge ice cream cone!, null, One of today's specials - fresh, broiled tilapia over local greens and veggies...actually having it for breakfast!, We cast our lines out this morning and reeled in someone fabulous tilapia, swordfish, and haddock...now - you can cast your vote!, 2nd Avenue in Needham today - rain or shine!, null, Over the years Captain Marden’s has grown to include a restaurant and takeout shop open seven days a week, a line of exquisite frozen entrées, a fleet of over twenty-five trucks, coast-to-coast shipping, Boston’s most highly-respected wholesale operation, and now our seafood mobile food truck, "The Cod Squad", one year old on June 24, 2013!  

One thing has always  remained constant: our genuine (and some say obsessive) commitment to quality, freshness, and simplicity. They are what continue to earn us our reputation as “simply the best” when it comes to New England seafood., Boston Cod Squad Fans! Have you voted yet? It's fast and easy - and we're really moving up fast! Thanks!, null, Sean fileting always fresh Striper!, null, SO looking forward to surfing and turfing it with Blue Ribbon Barbecue Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Isis Parenting and Coca-Cola in Needham!, Look at what The Captain has been up to!  Available shortly on The Cod Squad! Come & eat it! Three kinds of Super Summer Salads: Lobsta/Potato Salad, Tuna/Corn Salad, Poached Salmon/Shrimp Macaroni Salad! YUM!, null, null, Are we going to Sea you Circle The City Boston ?, Who's joining us Levitate Festival on July 13, 2013?, A great opportunity for you to cast your vote for your fav food truck in Boston! You can taste the difference! Move us up from 4th to First!, null, Can you say calamari ?  Stuart street Boston !, null, Give us the best b-day gift eva! Vote for us below -if you think we are the best~, null, null, null, null, Fresh! That is right Fresh! Not just talking about the staff or a scribble on a menu board but the real deal! From the boats to a roll near you. If that ain't worth a click for best in Boston what is? ; p, Navigating our way over to 2nd Avenue, Needham...as I type!, We plan on heading over to 2nd Avenue, Needham today, may be a bit late - Our Big Girl is getting a tune up!, The solstice heralds the beginning of summer in the Northern Hemisphere. In 2013, the solstice falls on Friday, June 21 at 5:04 Universal time, which is 1:04 A.M. Eastern Daylight Time and 12:04 A.M. Central Daylight Time!!  Come and Celebrate the Summer Soltice with us tonight at 5:00 p.m. Tangerini's Spring Street Farm with Little Jed and the Phat Daddies !, null, null, So brilliant! So colorful! Turnips, beets, swiss chard, carrots, curly leaf, red leaf, boston buttercrunch, garlic scapes, scallions...what a salad Brian is coming up with! Thanks to Tangerini's Spring Street Farm !, FB just asked us,"What have you been up to?" SO glad you asked! Facebook ! Take a look! Picked fresh greens & veggies Tangerini's Spring Street Farm - Chef Brian Sway is making salads as we speak. Order one tomorrow night with the Little Jed and the Phat Daddies and top it with Lobsta salad, Poached Salmon, Fresh Yellow Fin Tuna Salad - what a picnic!, null, null, Belvidere Street Boston on this Beautiful Day!, null, null, Superman, Terri & Chef Brian Natick Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) - such a night! with Sweet Basil and Fifth Avenue Liquors @Massachusetts-Horticultural-Society Elm Bank!, People as us this all the time, "Is there a REAL Captain?"  Yes, there is and he was 90 years young last October. Captain Marden's Seafoods - he is the son of Captain Roy Marden, the original Captain., Our favorite, "F" words = Fresh, Fish, Flounder, Filet, FIRST! Have you voted for YOUR favorite food truck?, null, Thank you so much to all of those that have voted for us. We are now in 4th place. A long way to go to first but the Cod Squad are hard workers...we will get there! If you have not had a chance...click here to vote and/or leave a comment. SEA you all soon. ; ) http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, null, "Catch" us this Friday night at the Phat Pharm Tangerini's Spring Street Farm with Little Jed & the Phat Daddies and have yourself a really Phat Phish & Chips!, null, Look at what Chef Brian has been up to!, null, The Cod Squad is definitely putting in the effort to bring our fans the best, freshest, most New England experiences. It's not about winning as much as the effort to please our guests. But the occasional win is also nice from time to time :) http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, The City of Boston Monday - on City Hall Plaza - great specials...stay tuned!, Vote for us #foodtruck category #TheBostonAList site (link below) if you love our always fresh seafood! http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, Salmon is an excellent source of omega-3 fatty acids, protein, minerals and vitamins. It is among the varieties of fish recommended for consumption twice a week! Do you like our always fresh poached salmon or salmon sandy?, Did you know today is National Lobster Day!!!! Did you also know that the Cod Squad never uses frozen product....always fresh!!! Yet another reason to vote for us in the best of Boston #Foodtruck category. Scroll down for the link to vote. Thanks for the support., I get a taste of my old Tangerini's Spring Street Farm Farmer's Market Days with Crescent Ridge Dairy 's Farmer's Market today! Crab Cake Sandwich extra special!, SEA you there!, At Angels Garden Center Angel's Garden Center with folks from EMC Corporation Hopkinton! til...well - wheneva!, Do you live in a town that embraces food trucks? Do think food trucks build or hinder commerce in your town? Would you like to see The Cod Squad come to YOUR town?, FRESH!!! That's our single most important ingredient in everything we make. From the ocean to our truck to your taste buds. That is why you should vote for us http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, dockdogs on June 22nd & 23rd ...really love pups!  Should we have a dogfish special, or is that bad humor?, Have you cast your vote, yet?, wonderful specials!  Swordfish Steak Sandwich, Buffalo Shrimp Platter, Lobster Bisque and Fresh Yellow Fin Tuna Melt! YUM!  Belvidere Street - Boston!, Give us your FEEDback...(we are opening a can of worms!) ... do you think food truck employees belong in a category of professionals required to have background checks such as CORIs, SORBs - fingerprinting?, "Cod Squad Reels in Customers" - Boston Globe. We love it when people mention they saw this story in the paper. What we love jsut as much = when people vote for the Cod Squad as Best Food Truck in Boston. ; ) Click here and vote http://boston.cityvoter.com/best/food-truck/food/boston, null, Welcome Aboard Acquia !  So looking forward to SEAing you again today in Burlington! Tomorrow we're back on Belvidere in Boston - and Friday Angel's Garden Center - We're hooked on you!, null, The City of Boston, We know you're out there!  And...you can vote today!, null, Riding the wave into Boston on Stuart Street..huddle under our window roof and await the taste of the freshest seafood in Boston! Fins down!, City Hall today! Poached Salmon Special over a bed of fresh greens special...plus all of your favorites! There til 3pm., Saturday & Sunday! The The American Rogues are still playing on Saturday @ 5:00 pm! Boston Irish Festival~, We are out at Sea today  we will miss you, Needham. But we will see you soon!, Wed: Winchester! Thursday - ahh...in front of the fountain on Belvidere St., Friday - Needham (can I get a yahoo!), Sat. & Sun. - Boston Irish Festival, Thanks KelSEA for the Kudos!, null, Look up June Day!, null, Vote for YOUR favorite food truck!, Stuart Street, Boston - come for lunch then drop by the Farmer's Market at Trinity Place!, VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE - this is FUN!, Thank you to all of the citizens of Weston for an awesome day!  We love our small town events. Tomorrow?  Dover Public Library starting at 11:00 kicking off the Garden Tour with fresh seafood and another beautiful day!, An honor to participate in the celebratation of the Town of Weston's 300 Anniversary at Weston High School! 10:00 - 4:00 pm...then concert and fireworks! with Baja Taco Truck !, It's time to Spring into Action! Come to Angel's Garden Center in Hopkinton, put together a tara cotta planter for Dad's Day and grab a Haddock Sandy from The Cod Squad!, We are really very excited to Go Green today Angel's Garden Center, null, Our 1st Matie says he & The Skippers are happy!  Hottest day since August 31st & they're docked next to a fountain right on Belvidere Street!, College friends Kim Marden & Terri Beal riding the food truck wave!, Thanks to The Cod Squad's Chef, Brian Sway for Awesome offerings that continue to reel in our wonderful customers!, The Cod Squad believes in mixing business with pleasure with Dave Mason!, null, 2nd Avenue Needham - and as SEAn in today's Globe - Fresh Clam Fritters~, Start street specials, Today's city hall plaza specials!, We are still going to City Hall Plaza today - the fish are biting!, Good morning fish and food truck lovers! Sea you on Belvidere St. today - fresh catches galore!  Tomorrow through Sunday - supporting a wonderful charitable event at the Topsfield Fairgrounds: supports local therapeutic riding programs! @facebook.com/americansaddlebred, We Heart Chef Brian's oven roasted swordfish steak sandwich with balsmic marinated sweet peppers and roasted garlic on a fresh griddled Hazels Bakery roll. What? Really? Ya!, We are really looking forward to our Surf & Turf to day on 2nd Avenue in Needham...are YOU going to catch the wave?, Here's the scoop! Wednesday, 2nd Ave. Needham, Thursday, Belvidere St. Boston! Come sea us just for the halibut!, Launching now - navigating our way to Stuart Street in Boston - We'd love to Sea our friends from The Fairmont Copley Plaza and The Westin Copley Place You guys ooze charm!, Take your lunch to work day!, Boston City Hall Plaza today - stay tuned for specials...what's Chef Brian up to this morning? Depends on what just came off of the boats!, null, null, null, null, null, Who is hankering for some Surf & Turf today on 2nd Avenue, Needham? with Blue Ribbon Barbecue!, Today's Specials: Docked on Belvidere St. Boston!, null, The Cod Squad is navigating her way to a new spot today~! Acquia 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, Ma!, Congratulations to Guieseppe ! He won last week"a contest :  " guess what day it is!"  What did he order !?  If you guess lunch is on us. Mike T and Sarah - you can't guess!, The Captain of The Cod Squad is proud to be participating in this wonderful fundraiser tomorrow!, "The Cod Squad" also loves the Lobster on the Carousel!, Do you love the Cod that is part of the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway 's new Carousel? Check out their FB page for details!, Come ride the Cod on the Carousel on the Greenway - checkout their FB page for details!, Back on the road again! Docking on Stuart Street... The New England Beach Soccer Cup for lunch with G! :), Oh no!  We may not be anchoring down at City Hall Plaza today ... Hit a sand bar ... Stay tooned, null, Did my weather report say it right? It's really gonna be 81 degrees today? The fish are biting! The fisth are biting! City Hall Plaza for a Haddock Sandy?, null, Happy Happy Mother's Day!, catching our breath today...be back atcha on Monday on City Hall Plaza!, null, null, 2nd Avenue, Needham, celebrating National Shrimp Day! What's on the menu? Shrimp! Shrimp & Grits, Buffalo Shrimp, Crispy Shrimp over fresh baby arugula & greens, and Tuna Melt, (the shrimp has to have friends)...and more - stay tooned!, Congratulations to our friends, Charlie & Guiseppe who won the "Guess what day it is" contest yesterday., null, Belvidere Street, Boston with - wow...Swordfish Kabobs...always fresh yellow fin tuna melts...crab & corn chowdah...yummy!, In honor of National Shrimp Day, tomorrow, May 10!, null, Okay - here's one for you...does anybody know what day it is tomorrow? Anyone? Lunch is on us for the first one to guess it correctly!, Hi Wendy! Our daily specials!, null, Thanks for all the calls! We Love our, "Fins" :) - Surf & Turf on 2nd Ave. in Needham today! Are we going to SEA our friends today from Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates and General Dynamics?, The 1st of the season wild California King Salmon is in! John Nagle Co., It's really a beautiful day out there! Leave your office for a bit & grab a bite at The Cod Squad on Stuart Street - Boston!, Send us those instagram pictures from the throwdown! (@codsquadtruck), Seafood Monday on City Hall Plaza!, It's what's for lunch at the Throwdown!, null, On Milk Street in Boston for the Boston vs. NYC Foodtruck Throwdown!, null, null, null, null, null, 2nd ave Needham, Who's coming down to The Throwdown this Saturday?, Nice "Feed"back from the Boston Food Truck Wordpress..., Weather Forecast for The Boston vs. NYC Throwdown this Saturday! Spectacular!, Belvidere Street...Boston!, "They" say we eat with our eyes first...will this delectable dish drive you to the Throwdown this Saturday? Maker's Mark is used to create the Bourbon-Chili Glazed Louisiana Shrimp over Sweet Corn Grits Garnished with TAZA Cocoa Nibs and Green onion!, Superman was diligently cutting lemons today until Terri got a little playful, stealing the Maker's Mark bottles from Chef Brian! Sea you Saturday at The Throwdown? (She did tell him to change his hat for Saturday!), Our First mate Andrew is riding the Boston vs. NYC Food Truck Throwdown today with MakersMark recipe: shrimp & grits~!, Go down to the Throwdown this Saturday!  11 am til 9 pm!, Can we be the, "Queen" of the Seafood Food Trucks? :)  Will we SEA you on Saturday...Free...Food Truck Throwdown...Greenway between India & State Streets., null, Oooh - La La! We are at 399 likes! The 400th Like gets lunch on us! :), Navigate YOUR way to the Boston vs. NYC Throwdown this Saturday! Sunny Skies! Calm Seas!, SURF & TURF on 2nd Avenue in Needham!, Fresh Hazel's Bakery Rolls just arrived (they're still warm!), waiting for the haddock, calamari and pollock to be hand-cut, loading up the fresh scallops, clams, oysters (mouth watering!), watching Adilson mix the fresh yellow-fin tuna with fresh onion and celery, he's squeezing fresh lemon now - and, the lobster salad! How do YOU choose?  Stuart Street, Boston til 3pm, Specials today at City Hall Plaza: Sweet/Spicy Dungeness crab and corn chowder, Crab Cake Plate w/tangy remoulade, Buffalo Shrimp Plate!, On the road again.....swiming to City Hall Plaza! Connie? Sea you there? Michael the attorney? who else?, North Shore Country Day School, UCONN!, FREE EVENT TOMORROW:  Boston Harborwalk, Gillette Public Dock... with Baja Taco and Kickass Cupcakes!, Supporting the Natick VNA on June 13th featuring notable chefs and entertainment. Our own Chef Brian Sway is serving up: Buffalo shrimp with homemade blue cheese dressing, Clam and sweet corn fritters, 
Rhode Island style calamari with sliced peppers and marinara sauce, and Chilled Jonah crab and cucumber gazpacho! We can't wait!, We're the SEAFOOD part of this wonderful Food Truck Festival!, Who's up for a little Surf & Turf? Blue Ribbon BBQ friends & The Cod Squad on 2nd Avenue, Needham!, null, Belvidere Street in Boston - SEA you there?, null, HERE'S YOUR GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY!, So great to watch - are YOU ready?, OOOO La La!  Italian-Style Clam Roll w/pesto may & grilled peppers! YUM! Buffalo Shrimp Plate, Fresh Salmon Salad over Mixed Greens & Veggies...Seafood Chowda! 2nd Ave. Needham til 3, Where we will be in June!, thrillist.com is a fabulous one stop shopping place for fun & food in cities around the U.S., The Cod Squad is bringing her fresh Surf to the Turf on 2nd Avenue in Needham today! Are you going to take the bait?, Where WE get OUR fish from!
, Always Fresh Seafood Chowda today at Stuart Street, Boston!, 1. When it rains, the worms come out... and along with other bugs get washed into the water. The fish know this and react by feeding. 
2. Oxygen levels rise from the rain hitting the water, making it  easier for the fish to swim faster and longer without getting tired, as they search for food!, Ah, fishing in the rain... You may not like the rain, but the fish sure love it! You may not believe it, but you may catch more fish while it is raining. There are a few good logical reasons for this. Do you know why?, Is fishing better in the rain?, Look what Chef Brian has been up to - taste the freshest catch on City Hall Plaza today!, Who's coming to #Boston_MA today from 10-3 for our fresh catch?, Check us out on instagram (@codsquadtruck), because fish looks better in sepia!, 278 Washington Street, Wellesley, with Chef Brian and Roy Marden. Hungry for Haddock?, We are off the road today, but will be in Wellesley Hills tomorrow!, Today we are at 36 Washington st in wellesley with a tuna melt and shrimp jambalaya!, Check out today's specials!, We're on Belvidere st in Boston today for lunch!, We are on 2nd ave in Needham today with a tuna melt, lobster bisque and buffalo shrimp!, If you really LOVE food trucks, sign up for our Food Truck Throwdown exclusive VIP Pass Experience. From 5-7 pm you'll get a sampling of 5 dishes from 5 different trucks of your choice. Our VIP Express Lane will give you direct access to your favorite food. Plus you'll get the opportunity to meet the Chefs and Owners behind the trucks! Limited number of tickets available and will sell out quickly. Get your VIP Pass on Eventbrite now: www.foodtruckthrowdownvip.eventbrite.com, We will not be at Stuart st today as we are doing a function at the Westin Boston, We are at city hall plaza in Boston today! We've got lobster bisque, a tuna melt and our buffalo shrimp!, Today we are serving lunch in wellesley on Washington st, right next to middlesex savings bank!, The Cod Squad is off the road today, but will be in Wellesley tomorrow!, null, null, We LOVE our customers!  Here's Steven!, 36 Washington Street, Wellesley, Massachusetts  We are bringing some surf to your turf! Stay tuned for specials!, null, Latest YELP Review:  Driving through Wellesley a few weeks ago, I came upon the Cod Squad Food Truck in Wellesley Hills  at the old Whole Foods location.   Not only was my shrimp special Jambalaya cooked to perfection but I was greeted by a very friendly group staffing the truck.   We felt like we just walked into our friends kitchen for lunch.   Great food!   I will be back., Chef Brian's Daily Delicious Deals!, null, Pesto Rubbed Tile Fish (like snapper) with red pepper mayo! YUM!!!, #cherubino Penny the clammaster RI Red brothy Clam Chowder thickend w/toasted cracker crumbs, Clam Cakes! Hearty Cobb Style Shrimp Salad!  Belvidere Street, Boston!, Land-Ho! 40 Mall Road, Burlington!, Who's going to the 2nd Annual Food Truck Throwdown?, LOVE @giftedboston ! The Captain of #codsquadtruck is going there for her birthday on April 21st at 4:06 p.m.! Have you Gifted recently?, We love our School of customers on Stuart Street, Boston! Specials: 
- whitefish minestrone with tubetini shaped pasta, parmesan, fresh herbs
- tuna melt, never canned, always fresh, lightly dressed with finely chopped purple onion, celery, fresh lemon
- combo: pick 2: haddock, scallops, calamari, oysters, pollock
- salmon salad: fresh salmon salad - The Captain's mom's recipe, five generations ago from Nova Scotia!, Trolling for a delicious lunch?  Get hooked on our Daily Specials! City of Boston (Government) City Hall Plaza!, null, What a thought! A fresh Haddock Sandy before the Boston Red Sox Opener! We're in FIRST place - 4-2! City Hall Plaza, We may not be in the same boat, but out of water, we're on the same wavelength! Who saw the The Boston Globe Magazine article yesterday?  "Catch" us on page 19! and come on down to City of Boston (Government) City Hall Plaza today for a taste of the fresh catch of the day!, Who is YOUR Fav Food Truck?, This is, "The Captain".  He turned 90 in October. He's wonderful.  He still hand creates old family fresh seafood recipes from scratch, six days a week! You can't get fresher and richer than this!, null, It's always great seeing Deb on Belvidere St in Boston! She creates her very own menu item - Thursday's item?  Fresh Sea Scallops, griddled to a light golden perfection, over a bed of very fresh spring mix & crisp colorful veggie medley..., Thanks for a wonderful pre- Dave Mason concert party last Thursday night!  Great friends, excellent fresh seafood with John Nagle Co. brothers!, null, Your Complete Guide to Boston's Food Trucks! Which one is YOUR favorite?, "The Cod Squad" is taking the weekend off - save your appetite for Monday on Boston City Hall Plaza!, LATEST YELP REVIEW:

Today was my first but not last time grabbing lunch at their food truck. The clams were fantastic - lightly breaded - very crispy, and very sweet! The haddock was amazing - so fresh!
The fries were not great - not crispy. The coleslaw was fresh, crunchy, a little too vinegary, but worked!
The people were both very friendly, the woman taking orders made sure to treat each person like there was no one else around, and acknowledged those she has seen before.
What a nice bit of summer on a cold spring day!, For those of you who workout and work at Train Boston, come on over for some lean poached salmon over a fresh green salad!, We are really looking forward to seeing our pals Newton-Wellesley Hospital friends! at 36 Washington Street, Wellesley!, The Cod Squad is doing swimingly today! Navigating our way to Belvidere Street with The Pasta Pot and Biryani Park's new food truck~, Thank you to Ted Knapp of Work Vessels For Veterans for bringing the Dave Mason band to Captain Marden's Seafoods last night for some fresh seafood with a fresh attitude!, Thank you to Ted Knapp of Work Vessels For Veterans for bringing the Dave Mason band to Captain Marden's Seafoods last night for some fresh seafood with a fresh attitude!, null, null, right next to Blue Ribbon Barbecue and Harvard Vanguard Medical Associates at 152 2nd Ave, Needham Heights, MA!  Come on down for a little surf & turf!, Thank you to Jennifer and Rachel...Love our Regulars! Newton-Wellesley Hospital Orthopedics!, Hey James Roxy's Gourmet Grilled Cheese - SO good to see you! How was lunch?, Dinner with Dave Mason and Ted Knapp Captain Marden's Seafoods! Wonderful people! A whale of a time!, null, On Stuart Street in Boston with Momogoose Foodtruck and Taco Party getting our food truck on!, null, null, null, Can't get fresher than this! That's Popcorn getting the fish - right off the boats of Gloucester, Massachusetts and John Nagle Co., Follow us on instagram (@codsquadtruck), because fish looks better in sepia, On my way to The Cod Squad!, Thank you MAGIC 106.7's Candy O'Terry for the gift of your beautiful Minilux nail polish - procees to empower people touched by cancer. Muah!, null, Boston City Hall Plaza! Happy April Boston!, NO FOOLIN!  Tomorrow we will be on The City of Boston City of Boston (Government) Plaza! Right next to Big Apple Circus!  Specials! Oh - SO many fresh from Gloucester, Massachusetts and John Nagle Co., Boston, Cape Cod, Massachusetts! Sea you tomorrow~, Happy Easter to you all - Come and enjoy the OTHER white meat tomorrow at Boston City Hall Plaza!, null, Are you out and a-boat today? Come SEA us on Eaton Ct. - Wellesley!, 36 Washington Street - Wellesley~!!!, We are on Belvidere street in Boston! We've got Louisiana shrimp jambalaya, tuna melt and our fried combo plate!, Sail away to a dreamy place with our daily fresh seafood...the daily catch is delivered to you - who appreciate the wonders of the sea! Bring your boss over!  Our daily delights make even the staunchest landlubber want to get his or her feet wet!  STUART STREET....BOSTON!, http://www.foodtruckthrowdown.com/event-details/event-details-may-4-2013, CAPTAIN MARDEN'S SEAFOODS, INC. "THE COD SQUAD" HAS BEEN CHOSEN AS ONE OF THE CONTENDERS IN THIS YEARS' BOSTON VS. NYC FOOD TRUCK THROWDOWN!!, 2nd Avenue Needham til 3!, Couldn't say it better myself!, Come, "Catch" The Cod Squad on Boston City Hall Plaza beginning Monday, April 1st! NO FOOLIN!  , Fresh off the wires! Today's Specials! Quahog corn chowder w/bacon, Seafood Caesar, Buffalo Shrimp Plate! YUM!, Isn't She Beautiful! Many thanks to the Boston Food Truck Alliance!, Hello WESTWOOD!  Come catch the food truck wave at 35 Perwal Street!  Stay tuned for the fresh seafood specials of the day! I wonder what Chef Brian is up to this morning!, Re-GROUPing today! Stay tuned for the port we will be docked at next!, null, LAUNCHING LUNCH AT 278 WASHINGTON STREET - WELLESLEY!, Feeling ADRIFT? Hankering for a little SOUTHERN COMFORT? Well...the Captain of The Cod Squad got a dose of the, "Good Dr. - Dr. John" with a friend from Tasty Seafoods, last Sunday Night - so she's bringing some of that New Orleans Flavor to The Cod Squad! TODAY'S SPECIALS: Louisiana Shrimp Gumbo over rice! YUMMY~! Also: JUMBO SALMON BURGER w/honey mustard, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion...AND Lobster Bisque! Who can Resisque Lobster Bisque?, Shellibrate Spring with Chef Sway's Specials! - On Stuart Street, and say hi to Andrew and Tony Montana!, Another calm before the storm? We're taking the day off - well, sort of, Chef Brian is in the kitchen...cooking away! Our next Port? Stuart Street, Boston, on Wednesday!, Our Big Girl is having her decks swabbed today - look for her tomorrow in Westwood at 35 Perwal Street!, This is a REAL conversation that took place between the Captain of The Cod Squad and Meredith, Amazing Leslie's friend: Captain: I went to Ohio Wesleyan with Kim Marden, owner of Captain Marden's". Meredith: "I'm from Ohio!" Captain: "I went to high school in Rocky River." Meredith: "So did I!" Captain: "I lived on Aberdeen Road!"  Meredith: "So did I!"  - REALLY! We did a happy dance!, More of our AMAZING Maties! SO good to SEA you yesterday!, The Cod Squad LOVES her customers! Bon Voyage Leslie! You will be missed!, Top o the mornin' to ya!
 
278 Washington Street Wellesley - TODAY'S SPECIALS:
 
Terri-Teriyaki Mahi Mahi sandwich with lime scallion mayo $9-
 -Oven roasted Sesame ginger Mahi filet and daikon radish slaw on a buttered Hazel's Bakery roll
 
Fresh tuna salad (never canned)
 -available on top of Tony's famous green salad, or as a tuna melt on griddled barrel bread with mild cheddar and plum tomatoes!

Richie O'Marden's home made cod cakes...served with IRISH SODA BREAD! Hand-cut Fries and cole slaw!, Maiden Voyage Part III...Land-Ho! Almost there!, Want a Lobster Roll you will REALLY love? ALWAYS FRESH lobster meat: knuckles and claws...tender, sweet, yummy - Belvidere Street, Boston., Special, "Soup du Jour": Creole Shrimp Gumbo! Made w/Louisiana Shrimp! Yum! SEA-Sar Salad topped with fresh fried clam croutons! Tuna Melt!, Maiden Voyage Part II ... behind the scenes!, When the tide rolls in...The Cod Squad hits the open seas for her maiden voyage of the day...this is a little bit of what that looks like..., Other specials? You won't have to go fishing around for a delicious fresh catch today! Cast your nets at The Cod Squad on Stuart Street/Trinity Place! Fresh Tuna Melt...Lobster Bisque! Buffalo Shrimp or Calamari!, A very heartfelt Bon Voyage to our Leslie!  She requested Buffalo Calamari with Chef Brian's homemade Buffalo Sauce and Blue Cheese Dressing...served with Celery, Carrots, and Hand-Cut Fries! We will take a picture!, The Captain of The Cod Squad just received the most amazing phone call from Leslie....it's hard to write everything she said, but this is it in a clamshell: "Hi! 3 weeks ago we had the most AMAZING Buffalo Calamari with the most AMAZING Blue Cheese dressing! I have been craving it ever since! I am moving to Jackson Hole, Wyoming in a few days - any chance this can be your special for tomorrow on Stuart Street?  Oh wait - I can come and visit you on Belvidere on Thursday, tooo! I can have it twice before I move! Yay!" - YES, Leslie, Chef Brian is on it! Are special tomorrow is Leslie's Buffalo Calamari with homemade blue cheese dressing, carrots, celery.....hand-cut fries....coleslaw...oh boy!, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUDtCJfkNWQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player, SEA-WORTHY! Don't clam up! Tell your friends to join you at The Cod Squad at 2nd Ave. Needham!, The Crew of The Cod Squad is setting sail for the Boston Seafood show! http://www.bostonseafood.com/, Avenue Louis Pasteur .... will oui si vouz?, Stranded at Sea...weathering the storm, tho! How are you all doing?  We will be on Avenue Louis Pasteur tomorrow - for sure!, null, Don't mean to rock the boat, but we had to find a port in this Storm! Hope to SEA you at 36 Washington St., Wellesley tomorrow...Stay tuned!, Thanks, Ken!  Are you going to pop down to Belvidere Street tomorrow in Boston to say hello and grab some more of Boston's tastiest fresh seafood?
, Now serving Crystal hot sauce from Louisiana. 
Try it on our famous Maine  crab cake sandwich., NO FANCY WORDS HERE...THE DAILY SPECIALS DO THAT ALL BY THEMSELVES!, Shiver Me Timbers! Want the Scuttlebutt? 2nd Ave., Needham...Appetizer Special: Rhode Island Style Calamari w/fried cherry peppers, chuky marinara and lemon! YUM!, OOOOHHHHH - Chef Brian has been brainstorming today - wait til you hear about the specials!  2nd Avenue Needham!, Such JAZZY Specials!
California style cumin-rubbed halibut sandwich w avocado-jalepeno mayo!, WESTWOOD HO!  35 Perwal Street! Daily specials posted soon!, Off roading it til Monday!, Happy March 1st! We are docked at 36 Washington Street...Wellesley - George? Jennifer? Diana? Andrew? Christian? Are you there? Specials coming soon...., Deb...Steven...Jared...Chris...you gonna sail to The Cod Squad today for a swimingly good lunch?, Rich Lobster Bisque
 
Cumin-roasted Halibut sandwich with Avocado-Lime mayo, lettuce, tomato and onion on a butter grilled Hazel's roll
 
Striped Bass fingers (available as a platter, or as an option on our Seafood Combo Plate
 
"Sea-sar" Salad, Crispy Romaine tossed with homemade Caesar dressing topped with fried clam "Croutons."

Wha't more to say?, Under the weather? This is The Ring Leader here! You need a Square Meal today! We are no Ship of Fools! Serving up fresh Mahi Mahi today - and our famous combo! Stuart Street, Boston!, Do YOU think OUR fish are afraid of a little WATER? Bring your umbrellas to The Cod Squad tomorrow on Stuart Street - Boston!, Today's special? WOW! Roasted Halibut Sandy! Come on down to 2nd Ave, Needham~!, Why are we closed today you ask? Because Chef Brian is in the kitchen...wait until you taste his masterpieces!!!, DO YOU WANT A LOBSTER ROLL THAT YOU WILL REALLY LOVE?  - ALWAYS FRESH! Sweet, tender, claw & knuckle meat! Belvidere Street, Boston til 3pm!, HELLO? Customer Paul asked us yesterday: "What's a Pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet?" - and we said, "Aye!", and He said, (SO cleverly): "Yes, he likes the Aye but he also loves the C!" Thanks, Paul! Got any more?, Stuart street today, Boston! It's going to be a school of food trucks - with Benny's Crepes and Momogoose!, We're in Needham today! Check out our specials!, Need fish?  We are in Needham Tuesday!!!!  2nd Ave. mix and match special!!!, Come on out to the GMC Buick Dealership in Westborough for a FREE test drive and yes - a FREE Lobster Roll!, What a great day at the GMC BUICK Dealership in Westborough yesterday! We are closed today but will be back in Westborough tomorrow! Take a test drive and receive a free lunch! Yummy!, What a fishtastic idea!  The GMC/Buick dealership of Westborough is buying you lunch today, fresh from The Cod Squad, when you test drive one of their vehicles! Come on down!

http://www.westboroughbuickgmc.com/, http://www.boston.com/yourtown/news/east_boston/2012/10/15000_attend_second_annual_suf.html, Hadley, Daphne, George, Lynn, Cecelia, Dale, Teresa - so good to see you all again!, Come to 36 Washington Street...Wellesley for the BEST FRESHEST right from the piers of Beantown, Seafood!

Our famous Mix & Match is available today: Pick Two: Scallops, Clams, Oysters, Haddock, Calamari - who can decide? What is YOUR favorite combo?, N/W FRIENDS - ARE YOU THERE? Our new and fantastic Chef Brian just announced his daily specials...Lemony Caesar salad with fried clam "croutons" and parmesan cheese! (a MOUNTAIN of food)...ALWAYS FRESH TUNA MELT! On local bakery bread...cheddar cheese - just yummy...AND Seafood Chowder made with FRESH scallops, clams...crab...whitefish of the day - Terri Klippert Beal's personal fav! It's going to be a beautiful day! The fish are biting!, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! WE HAVE SOME AWESOME SPECIALS! READY? 
Entrees:
-Cousin Richard's famous Cod cakes served over gooey FOUR CHEESE macaroni and cheese. $8-
-Lemony Caesar salad with fried clam "croutons" and parmesan cheese $9-

AND! HEART SHAPED FRESH BAKED ROLLS (for our Haddock and Crab Cake Sandys) FROM HAZEL'S!, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY MEI MEI!, LOOK AT WHAT THE COD SQUAD'S FRIEND GAVE HER FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!! HOW'D SHE KNOW I NEEDED A BATH AFTER MAKING MY WAY DOWN HUNNINGTON AVENUE YESTERDAY! THANK YOU FRIEND!, We delighted our customers today with some extra special specials...stop by Belvidere Street Thursday from 10-3 - we are a very romantic Cod Squad!, TODAY'S EXTRA SPECIAL! Crispy shrimp tossed in a tangy buffalo sauce, homemade blue cheese dressing, carrots, celery, coleslaw, hand cut french fries! YUMMY!, Thank you everyone for this last ditch effort to dig all of us out of the mess Nemo left behind - we are SO grateful~!, It's 4:00 am- ish and why is The Squad awake? The freshest seafood is on its way to be filleted and delivered to Stuart Street today !, We are totally amazed at the fabulous Boston food truck community - thank you to Sara Ross who initially reached out to all of us regarding the lack of snow removal at the food truck sites!  Now - all of the trucks are locking arms and shoveling out each others' sites so we can be back in business!  Don't you just LOVE this! :), null, Just got word: serious plans are underway to make way for us to serve you lunch this week in Boston! Stay tuned...

http://blog.zagat.com/2012/08/cod-squad-adds-to-food-truck-feeding.html, http://framingham.patch.com/articles/image-gallery-food-truck-festival-at-shoppers-world#video-11631244, null, Closed til Wed...come by and visit us at Stuart Street - it's gonna be a SPECIAL day - on top of our specials! But, it's a SURPRISE!, We just heard a rumor...is it true? Is Friday's Nor'easter named, "NEMO"?  Oh ha ha  - we cod have a ton of fin with this!, The Cod Squad is TEMPORARILY beached through Friday - stay tuned for upcoming locations and specials!, The Cod Squad is TEMPORARILY beached through Friday - stay tuned for upcoming locations and specials!, closed Tuesday! ouch!, Day 2 of the Freeze Out! Where a Port is closed, a Dock is opened! I bet this means Brian is going to have 2 new specials for Wednesday!, Day Two of the Freeze Out! But where a Port is closed, a Dock is opened...this means at least TWO things! Brian is going to have TWO special new offerings for Wednesday...home made french fries maybe?, Wishy washy about setting sail today but it's too chilly, we are closed. Don't give up the ship! Posting our locations and specials in a few, We were a bit wishy washy about setting sail today - but, it's just too chilly, so we are closed...but don't give up the ship! Stay tuned for our locations and specials! Will post later today!, Hub Food Trucks - Your Guide to the Boston food truck scene http://t.co/H4rtbMEx via @sharethis, Did you think The Cod Squad was a fabulous food truck? Then, vote for us here!
http://www.hubfoodtrucks.com/, null, We LOVE our new hand on deck: Brian Sway! He took our ALWAYS FRESH yellow fin tuna, pan seared it...lathered it lightly in his homemade wasabi sauce and covered it with Asian cole slaw....I'm craving it now!, Happy TWO days before Superbowl Sunday! We are closed until Monday! Will you miss us? We will miss you!, Happy TWO days before Superbowl Sunday! We are closed until Monday! Will you miss us? We will miss you!, hi Kate! Thanks for the call! We're docked here in 36 Wash Street in Wellesley until 3pm! See you soon, we hope!, Jennifer! We missed you last Friday - come on down and meet our new Chef ...  He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth :), Anchored at 36 Wash St, Wellesley - Buffalo Shrimp Platter...homemade blue cheese dressing, celery/carrots, Oyster Po-Boy w/spicy remoulade! It will fit the bill - catch my drift?, Anchored at 36 Wash St, Wellesley - Buffalo Shrimp Platter...homemade blue cheese dressing, celery/carrots, Oyster Po-Boy w/spicy remoulade!, a Blustery Day on Belvidere Street with the Best Boys in Boston!, View through our skylight while parked on Belvidere Street!, Belvidere Street, Boston ... who's going to stop in and say hello to our wonderful new chef?, You can tell Boston is WARMING UP to us just by the weather! Belvidere St. tomorrow - our new Chef will be wowing the crowds!, You can tell Boston is WARMING UP to us just by the weather! Belvidere St. tomorrow - our new Chef will be wowing the crowds!, http://polldaddy.com/poll/6867662/

If you like The Cod Squad - vote now!, IT'S GOING TO BE AN EXTRA SPECIAL DAY IN THE BOSTON NEIGHBORHOOD VALENTINE'S DAY WEEK!  We are featuring some of our very favorite local bakeries - special for you to celebrate the Love Day - take a peek....thank you to Dessert Works, Hazels, and Every So Humble Pie Company!, Okay - we have to be ABOVE BOARD here...there is a NEW HAND ON DECK! WELCOME BRIAN SWAY!!!! he was doing a little experimentation yesterday with Hazel's bakery fresh bread...his tuna melt was AWESOME!, Okay - we have to be ABOVE BOARD here...there is a NEW HAND ON DECK! WELCOME BRIAN SWAY! http://t.co/6pIHIP8e, Come visit us on Stuart Street today! We have a HUGE surprise for you....can anyone guess the surprise?, Come visit us on Stuart Street today! We have a HUGE surprise for you....can anyone guess the surprise?, null, it's a little slick, but be quick to come get a bite of our fresh catch of the day at 2nd Ave. Needham. Can't wait to see you!, The Cod Squad had a hot date last night - look what her bf brought her! CMS wine!  Get it? She was swept off her fins! http://t.co/v5mA8VWb, The Cod Squad had a hot date last night...and look at what her boyfriend brought her! CMS (do you know what that stands for?)  wine!  She was swept off her fins!, Things are going SWIMINGLY here! So much new news for y'all - can't wait to, "spill the beans"...stay tuned!, Things are going SWIMINGLY here! So much new news for y'all - can't wait to, "spill the beans"...stay tuned!, So glad the temps are rising - hope you're hankering for a hunk of haddock is tooooo! Come SEA us on 2nd Ave. in Needham Tuesday!, So glad the temps are rising - hope your hankering for a hunk of haddock is tooooo! Come SEA us on 2nd Ave. in Needham Tuesday!, What do you think?
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2013/01/25/food-truck-trend-goes-into-overdrive-greater-boston/s2nUm9yY9MQWbHqaerPIFM/story.html, God Bless our Fishermen! They're still out there hauling in the finest seafood! We hope you are having a hankering for haddock...C U Monday!, Follow us on instagram @thecodsquad, It's not to chilly for one of our loyal customers to come by and give The Cod Squad a hug!, Batten down the hatches, Maties! It's a cold spell! Catch our fresh catch again starting on Monday! Burrrrrrrrrrr, Oh, Baby, It's Cold Outside!  We are Batten Down the Hatches til Monday! Save YOUR appetites and STAY Tuned!, It's a cold one out there, the Cod Squad is staying at the dock for the day, see you tomorrow!, The snowflakes are like our flakiest fishwife and also of our flakiest haddock! The Cod Squad may be serving up both tomorrow! Stay tuned..., The snowflakes remind me of our flakiest fishwife and also of our flakiest haddock! Let's hope The Cod Squad is serving up both tomorrow! Stay tuned..., null, Hello, it's the Fishwife - CATCH up with me re: the daily CATCH! Haddock au Gratin...yummy - 278 Wash. St, Wellesley http://t.co/F40cWbLl, Picture this - it's Monday morning, and you're about to knock off house and yardwork and suddenly have that insatiable desire to whet your whistle & check out The Cod Squad's latest menu offerings to ease the pain of the Pat's loss yesterday when you wonder, "Yes, I'd like to CATCH UP with friends and family at The Cod Squad, and check out their fresh CATCH, but where are they?"  I hear you ask! 

Glad you asked the Fishwife!!!  Head on over to 278 Washington Street in Wellesley -  I'll actually be on the truck today - living up to my reputation - as ornery as ever!, The Cod Squad is getting a bath today so she's taking the day off. Where would you like the Fishwife to be tomorrow?, The Cod Squad is getting a bath today so she's taking the day off. Where would you like the Fishwife to be tomorrow?, Toot! Toot! On the Road Again! 278 Washington Street, Wellesley - Come say hi to Jackson & Tony and grab a piping hot Fish & Chips to go!, Who's in Wellesley today and wants some fresh seafood? The answer: you! Try our mix and match: come sea us at 278 Washington Street in Wellesley to find out what your fresh choices are!, Stop by 278 Washington Street Wellesley and try our mix and match! Choose 2: clams oysters calamari haddock scallops!, Our Fresh, Hand-made by The Captain himself, Scalibut Cakes are FLYING off The Cod Squad...could they be made from Flying Halibut?, Gosh we love our regulars, here at The Cod Squad...I saw Mr. Miller getting out of his car, and I had two plumb, juicy shrimp cocktail and one ALWAYS fresh lobster roll waiting for him ... he was blushing - but he always gets the same thing.  Not so with our Jennifer...she's a typical woman, always changing her mind!, the night is still young and we've already had five maties take the bait! What did they get do you ask: 1. Clam Chowder 2. Lobster Roll (roll untoasted) 3. Scallop & Haddock combo! 4. Haddock & Calamari combo! 5. Extra Large Seafood Chowder!  Come on by so we can give away YOUR secrets, too!, Hello?  Any Maties out there? Come to 36 Washington, Wellesley, for some scorching chowda, piping pollock, caliente cod, sizzling shrimp!, Hello?  Any Maties out there? Can you hear us? It's a bit chilly out there, so come on down to 36 Washington Street, Wellesley, for some scorching chowda, piping hot pollock, caliente cod, sizzling shrimp...who's in?, Torn between two lovers....feeling like a fool...well, you don't have to anymore! Although Sheila decided on the fresh poached salmon over her mixed green salad, you can choose two of the following fresh seafood items to go with your salad: crab cake, scalibut cake, shrimp, lobster salad, tuna salad, grilled scallops, fried rock shrimp...Wow - who can resist?, Yummy Yummy Yummy I had Lemon Sole in my Tummy!, The fresh asparagus wrapped in Lemon Sole on a bed of light lobster cream sauce was a dead ringer today! Take a look at Superman's handywork this morning....He'll be making more in the morning! Yummy!, null, @StevenL57:  CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR WINNER!  He guessed a Sole Sammie...close enough! It is our, always handmade, always fresh Sole wrapped around fresh asparagus and blanced in a light lobster cream sauce - no words., WE MEAN BELVIDERE !!!!! :), Velvidere Street in Boston with the boys! Come on down!, It's official!!!  We'll be on Boston City Hall Plaza serving lunch on Mondays with two other awesome trucks starting in April!!!!, YUMMY STUFF FROM MOMOGOOSE!, THANKS MOMOGOOSE FOR THE TASTY TREATS! SUPER DUPER YUMMY!, The Cod Squad is cruizin now! Doesn't a HOT bowl of chowder sound yummy? See you on Stuart Street until 3!, The weather is looking good for tomorrow - come on down to 2nd Avenue, Needham, for some chowder and the fresh catches of the day!, Would you like Hazel's Bakery to serve dessert to you, at The Cod Squad?  Do you know what DESSERTS spells backwards?, Good morning Hazel's Bakery! Who's coming to 36 Washington Street, Wellesley, today, for a CRAB CAKE SANDY on a FRESH HAZEL'S BAKERY ROLL! OOOOOOO Yummmy., OUR ALWAYS FRESH SEAFOOD CHOWDA!, Oh....Adam...are you looking?  Here you go...look at the CHUNKS of steamy, freash, succulent seafood!, SO glad he knows how to navigate the bumpy, narrow streets of BEANTOWN! Yay Jackson O!, To Boston To Boston to Fry a Fat Fish...., Any Fans of The Cod Squad in Boston today? Come SEA us on Belvidere Street til 3!, Look where the Captain of The Cod Squad was early this morning picking up FRESH (still warm) rolls for Lobster rolls!, Guess what? Boston Best of the 'Burbs is coming to the Urbs! Check us out today on Stuart Street~!  SEA you Schooner than Later :), Did you go to one of the Food Truck Festivals of New England last year? Here is what one of our customers had to say:  You'd think after all that, we'd be done with the festival. You'd be wrong. I wanted a lobster slider, since I desperately needed something that wasn't fried and had some level of protein. So I got one of those from Captain Marden's Cod Squad Truck. It was pretty darn good! All lobster, no filler, and very little mayo. That's my kind of lobster roll., http://johnnagle.com/, God Bless You Rosie's Place!, Yup! Fish is ALWAYS in SEA-son! :) , Check it out!
http://gonefoodtruckin.wordpress.com/, Check it out!
http://gonefoodtruckin.wordpress.com/, Check it out, Maties! Come and SEA us!, Anybody miss us? Oh yea...sure...you actually miss our FISH N CHIPS, huh? Where would you like to see us dock in 2013?, Thank you to Baja Taco Truck and Bryan Peugh for a DELICIOUS lunch last Wednesday at WCVB!, Merry Christmas to you all! Jennifer, Meryl, V, Dr. L, Susan, Larry, and all of our other regulars! See you soon!, View from Repunzels Tower at the Cod Squad - She's on vacation for a little bit~! But NOT Repunzel!, null, SO much fun at the Channel 5 Cook-Off today - look at Baja Taco's voting jars!, TODAY IS THE BIG DAY! Cook-Off at Channel 5 in Needham! Baja Taco Truck, Chubby ChicPea, The Cod Squad, Compliments ! Come one, come all! Voting proceeds being send directly to Sandy Hook Family Relief Fund..., Adam's Review:  I was cravin’ fresh lobsta, so I dug out my flippers. Issues: 1) The ocean is deceivingly cold. 2) I emerged prizeless and chattering. Then I saw it: The Cod Squad Truck! I hurried over. “S-s-Seafood ch-Chowder, please.” One spoonful and my insides warmed. Chock-full of freshness, I was deliciously surprised by the huge scallops submerged in creamy broth. I couldn’t stop. Corn & Crab Chowder, Clam Chowder, Lobster...I threw my flippers out. From now on, I’ll let the seafood come to me., Wednesday, December 19, 2012 is the big day - it's the COOK-OFF at Channel 5 in Needham! Come cast your vote! 25 cents per vote - proceeds go to Sandy Hook Recovery Fund~, The Cod Squad is closed today - waiting to see what the weather will be tomorrow - to our 2nd Avenue Needham Friends - we WILL be hosting a Cook-Off at Channel 5 on Wednesday -RAIN OR SHINE OR SLEET OR HAIL OR FREEZING RAIN OR SNOW! See you there?, Off the streets today...gearing up for a fun week in Needham!, Out for a Holiday Stroll? Come visit us at 278 Washington Street - Wellesley - hot chowder!, Feeding our Fresh Fish to our Favorite Fishicians on Fish Friday at 36 Washington Street in Wellesley!, In the Holiday Spirit - we have a very special day today!  313 Speen Street, Natick - giving back to the medical professionals who save and improve lives every day and then up to State Police Headquarters - honoring our finest who also improve and save lives every day! Thank you to all of you!, Every morning long before the sun comes up, this truck is being loaded up with the freshest seafood Gloucester has to offer!, 36 Washington Street, Wellesley today! Looking so forward to feeding our favorites fresh fish!, 2nd Avenue, Needham - hello? Anyone listening?, Can you visit us in Westwood today?  Or Boston on Stuart street after 3:00pm?, Come on down to 278 Washington Street today for the freshest seafood around!, 278 Washington street Wellesley today. Are we going too see you?, Come visit us at 36 Washington Street in Wellesley!, Channel 5 Needham! What a beautiful day!, Our VERY first customer in Boston - Thanks Patrick!, 36 Washington Street - Wellesley - SO easy to get to, come on over!, Too Soggy out! So sorry guys - see you next Tuesday on Hemenway!, 2nd Avenue in Needham before heading back to Boston!, GREAT to see the bright lights of Memphis, we mean Boston yesterday - we're not Dixie Chicken's we're Yankee Seafood! Back to Boston - come visit us at the corner of Hemenway and Forsyth! :)  We're also dating ourselves..., Westwood Ho! Then...DRUM ROLL PLEASE....Stuart Street - BOSTON! For the VERY FIRST TIME!, Wellesley Holiday Stroll!!!  Until 6:00pm, Off the road today - GEARING up for Two exciting events tomorrow - the Wellesley Holiday Stroll! And then ! BOSTON on Monday!, Cod cheeks. Fried oysters. Scallops. Fish chowder!!!, 36 Washington Street - Wellesley - Come on down!, POSTING SPECIALS SOON!
WANNA SEE WHAT THE CATS HAVE DRAGGED IN :), Another very happy camper:  It's "Fish Friday", YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had some amazing oysters on Wednesday and I'm coming back for some fish today :)
What are the specials?
Happy Friday!!!, http://blog.zagat.com/2012/08/cod-squad-adds-to-food-truck-feeding.html, Needham - thanks for missing us! We're coming back today - 2nd Avenue! :), Come grab some hot chowder at The Cod Squad starting around 2:00 p.m. next to The Gap, this Sunday during the Holiday Stroll in Wellesley!, Wahoo! It's a WHALE of a Wednesday here at 36 Washington Street in Wellesley!, COME AND VISIT US AT THE HOLIDAY STROLL, NEXT TO THE GAP, THIS SUNDAY STARTING AT AROUND 2:00 p.m.!, Get Fresh at Channel 5 today! Haddock, Whole clams, Chowder! Enough to warm the sole!, Good Monday Morning Maties!  Stop by The Cod Squad at 279 Linden Street, Wellesley, and bring home some tasty treats to make your cyber-shopping even better!, Come to 279 Linden Street, Wellesley today and warm our boys up with your smile~!, http://wellesley.patch.com/articles/shop-locally-in-wellesley-on-small-business-saturday-on-nov-24?ncid=newsltuspatc00000001, Today is Small Business Saturday! http://www.sba.gov/saturday
 Come grab a bite to eat at The Cod Squad, docked at 279 Linden Street - all day!

Small Business Saturday | November 24, 2012 | SBA.gov 
www.sba.gov
Saturday, November 24, 2012 is Small Business Saturday® – a day to celebrate and support small businesses and all they do for their communities. Please join the SBA and, It is fish Friday at 279 Linden Street in Wellesley today!  Come and tell us how your Thanksgiving was!, Happy Thanksgiving to you! What are you thankful for? The Cod Squad is thankful for our Schools of Friends and Family! See you tomorrow for Fish Friday at 279 Linden Street - come by and say hello!, null, null, The Captain of The Cod Squad saw this bottle of vino and thought it might pair well with any of the delicious, fresh seafood items offered by The Cod Squad!, Channel 5 Needham - here we come~!, We are at 36 Washington st today in Wellesley, and our special is Cod Cheeks!, We're serving lunch today at channel 5 in Needham!, Today we are at 36 Washington st, Oh where o where is The Cod Squad this weekend? Well...SO glad YOU asked! 

http://crossfitsouthie.com/garage-games, Hello faithful fresh fish eating fans! Truck in for maintenance today... so so sorry!, IT'S FISH FRIDAY! 36 WASHINGTON STREET...WELLESLEY! Jen...can't wait to see you all! Muah! (that's fish talk for we love you guys!)..., Change that Channel to 5! That's where we'll be Thursday! So Game!, 36 Washington Street - come on down ! storm isn't supposed to start til later on in the day - Jen ... you comin' by? Miss you!, Serving Fresh Fish to our Finest in Framingham! :), 35 Perwal Street in Westwood today - Can't wait to see our Darlene!, Come visit us at 278 Washington Street in Wellesley this weekend - we have quite the following already!, 36 Washington Street...Wellesley...see you there! :), We're now serving split #lobster on the truck!  http://instagr.am/p/RfdKlwib-P/, 2nd Avenue - Needham today! Come on down! :), Come to 36 Washington Street today - for The Cod Squad's Fresh Catch! N/W Ortho - we're going to see you, right, Jen? :), Westwood Ho!, Did you guys do a 40th Birthday at Dedham country club this weekend ??
I am pretty sure you did....
great burger and memorable french fries. Really clean truck and friendly people manning that super clean truck!, We will miss seeing you all today - and umm.....probably tomorrow, too. Stay tuned, stay dry and stay safe!, Change of direction... 278 Washington  Wellesley!, Ahoy there, Maties! do you shop at Natick Farmer's Market? Well...our Peeps love having the opportunity to grab a bite to go, while grabbing their fruits, veggies, holiday gifts, coffee...and tons of other goods! Find us there, Saturday - it's going to be a great day!, Fish will feed just before a low pressure system (storm) hits. The lower pressure is more comfortable to fish than high pressure. You could look at this as the high pressure and the pressure of water pushes more against the fishes body, meaning discomfort and maybe even a full belly feeling. Low pressure = less pressure against the fishes body, comfort and an empty feeling belly = fish will seek out food and are more willing to chase prey. 

What does this mean? COME TO 36 WASHINGTON STREET TOMORROW FOR THE FRESH DAILY CATCHES!, Need Fish? Need Ham? Come to Needham today on 2nd Avenue - for a little Pork and Pollock :), This is no whale's tail tale - we're at 36 Washington Street in Wellesley today! Come on down and say, 'ahoy' to Andrew and Tony!, Serving Fish to our Finest today in Framingham!, It's a beautiful day here at 35 Perwal Street in Westwood-  just off of Route 1 - come on by!, come visit us today at 278 Washington Street for a fresh catch lunch, then go to Quebrada Bakery for a delicious cupcake or Lobelia's for ice cream!, We are SO excited to serve the 40+ CrossFit athletes at CrossFit New England today - all day! :) Lox, Avocados, Tuna Tidbits, Poached Salmon - yum!, Well...fish love water...therefore, it's no rain day for The Cod Squad! Come on down to 40 Washington Street! Wellesley!, We have a nice scenic view today http://instagr.am/p/Q7Y5TECb_q/, Get YOUR game on! We will be at CFNE this Saturday with our wonderful friends - for the Master’s Competition!, Got Fish? we do! 2nd Avenue, Needham! :), Alright #wellesley, who's #hungry? http://instagr.am/p/Q40YMxib58/, 40 Washington Street, Wellesley on Wednesdays!, Private Event Tuesdays...serving our FINEST at the State Police Headquarters! Really, they're not so scary! Really! Great folks! SO glad we are friends! They might let The Cod Squad off the hook one day, get it? Off the HOOK?, WESTWOOD HO! 35 Perwal Street...Come one, Come all, Come Hungry!, Our crew rolls deep #foodtruck #toughguys http://instagr.am/p/QxN3XrCb-C/, 278 Washington Street, Wellelsey today - warm up with a bowl of hot chowda!, http://bostonglobe.com/metro/regionals/south/2012/10/13/food-truck-craze-rolls-into-south-suburbs-some-trucks-need-for-new-rules-health-and-safety-new-scrutiny-for-food/Xt4z6mzOAESGfJl6kjiFwK/story.html, Happy 90th Birthday Captain Marden!, We are SO excited to be invited back to Natick Center today - parked on Park Street from 11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. - A hot bowl of Corn/Crab Chowder or Clam Chowder sounds good on this brisk Fall day, huh?, 40 Washington street today. I know we are going to see you!!!, R U coming to catch something fresh on Thursday at 2nd Avenue, Needham? We hope so!, The Cod Squad is docked at a private function today  - hey, we could be yours, too! 617-921-9322!, In Westwood today! Parked right at our commissary!, One More Kudos to wet your whistles! :

Thank you and your staff for an absolutely amazing contribution to our block party this past weekend. The Cod Squad was a huge success and a big hit! We feel honored and privileged to be the first Wellesley Neighborhood to have your truck come directly to us. We feel everything went very smoothly and the menu had something for everyone. The food was scrumptious and your service impeccable. 

We sincerely hope that your presence served to spread the word about your beautiful truck and your services.

Thanks for giving us this opportunity we really appreciate all your efforts to make this happen for a very reasonable cost. 

On behalf of myself and the entire Neighborhood Association  we have really enjoyed working with you and the Captain Marden's Cod Squad!! Stay in touch. I am sure we will meet at breakfast or dinner at the restaurant., Well...it looks like Wellesley won again - back at our old spot at 278 Washington Street - it's a great day for a fresh catch - Haddock Sandy!, And...a couple more...

Just wanted to thank you again for feeding our volunteers and providing such DELICIOUS meals to our fans and athletes and volunteers!  Folks are still raving! 

We'd love to work with you again.  The Cod Squad rocks!

All the best,
===========================
Unanimous comments of absolute happiness from families regarding the inclusion of the Cod Squad - especially from the dads, interestingly!

The Cod Squad made everyone very happy, and very full!
Thanks to the phenomenal Cod Squad team for making our 3rd annual event that much better.
Warmest regards,, My Freshwater Fish Aunt Brooke (she's a brooke trout...a.k.a. brookie) told me to NEVER toote my own horn, however, I have received so much positive feedback that I'd like to share it!  These comments are from private events - so brooke, oooops, I mean BOOK your private event now! We are filling up (pun intended) - flooded with inquiries! :) Just swamped!!! Sea you soon!

WOW!!!
That was fantastic!
You guys rocked last night. I can't wait to have another event with the truck.
Far surpassed what I was hoping for.
--------------------------------
Everyone raved about the food and said everything was excellent.
=========================
Weather be darned, we had a wonderful day yesterday.  We certainly benefited from being tied to the Cod Squad's coat tails in terms of publicity, welcoming folks from neighboring towns who were totally new to us.  We thank you for being an important feature of our event.  I heard only good things about the food, and found my own dining experience fully supportive of that assessment.  Based on the number of people offering positive feedback, I'm hoping being with us was worth your while too and that you will want to return for future events.  The sense of community offered by eating together with visitors was a really important element in the feeling of fellowship and good cheer.  

Finally, you are a delightful spokesperson for Capt. Marden's and a delight with whom to work.  Many thanks for all your help., FOOD TRUCK FESTIVAL OF NEW ENGLAND: SHOPPER'S WORLD!, Where would you like us to dock on Columbus day?, FRAMINGHAM FOOD TRUCK FESTIVAL!, Did youu miss us? We're back at 40 Washington Street today - and it's a beauty!, www.foodtruckfestivalsofne.com, The Cod Squad's early morning conversation wtih a valued customer:

customer: Where is the old faithful Cod Squad going to be parked today?!?! Awesome lobster roll btw!!!

TCS: Thank you!!! On 2nd Ave in Needham :)

customer: Near the Blue Ribbon boys?

TCS: Yep. We're pals!

customer: U both dish out awesome eats!!! :)

TCS: Thanks! Geoff is a great guy and yes, great grub!

customer: It may be a surf & turf kinda day!!!, "The sense of community offered by eating together with visitors was a really important element in the feeling of fellowship and good cheer." Written by a valued customer of The Cod Squad at a special event...hmmm...has this comment got you thinking about inviting The Cod Squad to your special event?, 2nd Avenue, Needham on Thursday - next to our buddies - hey, have some cowboy beans with your Haddock Sandy! :), Back to our Hometown...40 Washington Street...Wellesley...ahhh...might be soggy, but think of the fish! :), State Police Headquarters today, serving our finest~!, It's a tough job, but somebody has to do it!, 20 walnut street and it is a beautiful day!, At the GRAND Re-Opening of the Caryl House in Dover! Such a beautiful old landmark...come on down!, At Natick Farmer's Market - come on by! Here til 1:00 ish, oooooooooooooo - this will be a tasty treat!, null, Are YOU coming to the Food Truck Festival in Framingham on October 6th? It's a BLAST!
, Wellesley Night Lights!, FRIDAY FUN DAY FISH DAY FRIED CALAMARI DAY! 40 Washington Street, Wellesley - sit under our umbrellas if it gets a little damp!, Thank you to all who came out for Wellesley Night Lights tonight! What a beautiful evening for a visit to The Cod Squad by Wellesley, Babson, Olin and Mass Bay College students! Great to meet you!, Needham Needham, here we come! Let's say, "Howder" over a bowl of Chowder! 2nd Avenue...across from our pals at Blue Ribbon BBQ! Most Thursdays :), null, What are YOU doing for lunch today? How about visiting Jason and Andrew on The Cod Squad and ordering up some Fish & Chips today at 40 Washington Street, Wellesley!, Come to this INCREDIBLE OPPORTUNTIY to view a beautiful Home: THE CARYL HOUSE - this Sunday in Dover! And...have some fish & chips from The Cod Squad!, Hello Fellow FOODIES! Thanks for all of your calls! I am SO glad we were MISSED! Tuesday = TRYDAY! Try something from The Cod Squad that you have never tried before! How about ... well, what haven't you TRIED yet? Shrimp Cocktail? Fresh Fried Clams? Eat FRESH Eat LOCAL Eat TASTY! 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley, ALL DAY TUESDAY!, Good news and Bad news...the Good news? We just passed a major inspection! The bad news? No lunch today! Docked at our commissary in Westwood for the afternoon - see you tomorrow at 20 Walnut Street!, The British Invasion in Stowe VT, http://www.wickedlocal.com/westwood/news/x1602035858/Westwood-selectmen-draft-policy-for-food-trucks#axzz27JOYmD00, Suffolk Downs!!!, null, Come on down to 40 Washington Street today - on board the Cod Squad? Jason and Tony Montana! Eat Fresh Eat Local !, How would you like it if The Cod Squad served YOU lunch where YOU work? Well...The LUCKY DUCKIES (FISHIES) at Reservoir Woods in Waltham have their choice of FRESH (ALWAYS) Lobster Rolls, Clam Chowder & Johnny Cake or FISH & CHIPS (ALWAYS FRESH AND MADE TO ORDER) tomorrow. Jealous? Give us a call! 617-921-9322 :), 36 Washington Street! Come meet and greet other fans of The Cod Squad!, The Fresh Fish is in the House! Come visit Superman and Jason at the Cod Squad today! 20 Walnut Street - will we see our Washington Street friends? It's a beautiful day for a walk! Wellesley!, Early morning prep time!, Thanks to The British Invasion for a fabulous weekend! Cod Squad is closed today - back in action tomorrow at 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley!, The, "Queen" at The British Invasion. A great weekend with great people and great cars!, Look who's plum tuckered out after working for 36 hours and sleeping for only six!, The Cod Squad is heading up to Stowe, Vermont on this beautiful day!!! On the menu? Well...Sarnies, Buttys, Fry Ups, and Porridge, of course!
www.britishinvasion.com, My Mama taught me, "Not to Toot My Own Horn", so this is kind of going against the rules, but I think it is important because - this great neighborhood association asked The Cod Squad to participate in their old-fashioned neighborhood block party- and it was a BLAST! : 

Thank you and your staff for an absolutely amazing contribution to our block party this past weekend. The Cod Squad was a huge success and a big hit! We feel honored and privileged to be the first Wellesley Neighborhood to have your truck come directly to us. We feel everything went very smoothly and the menu had something for everyone. The food was scrumptious and your service impeccable., http://localpickins.com/biz/captain-mardens-codsquad-foodtruck-ma, Hey...wait a SECOND...we're on 2nd Ave today in Needham. See you there?, 36 Washington Street Wellesley. Come on down!  Haley!  Susan!  Arthur! Bring your friends!!!  Jason in the bow and Tony in the stern!!! And the Captain ?  preparing for the British Invasion this weekend. Going to BJs to buy lots of English tea to accompany early morning fry ups!  Try one of our haddock sarnies today!, http://www.wickedlocal.com/needham/news/x1606940512/Captain-Mardens-The-Cod-Squad-rolls-into-town#axzz26BLWpm4l, Come ONE come ALL! 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley - Jason and Tony on the barge!, http://local.msn.com/events/article.aspx?cp-documentid=23588786&page=0, WHERE WE WILL BE THIS WEEKEND!

www.britishinvasion.com, Ooops! The Cod Squad changed HER mind! 20 Walnut Street!, Monday Fishday Goodday Funday at The Cod Squad - so crisp and clear outside today - Our fishermen have fresh catches today! Haddock, Calamari, Clams, Scallops! OOOOOOOO - We can't choose - can you? Come on down Susan, Arthur and Jim! 36 Washington Street! Wellesley - see you soon!, THESE GUYS ARE JACKED! WOWEEEE!, Look who was flirting with me today at the CrossFit New England Garage Games Event! Sponsored by Reebok. The Cod Squad is here with a Paleo Menu! Woo Hoo~!, WHERE WE ARE TODAY! COME ON BY! :)

http://crossfitnewengland.com/events/, http://patch.com/E-phKx, http://www.tangerinisfarm.com/, THANK YOU TO TANGERINIS SPRING STREET FARM http://www.tangerinisfarm.com/
FOR THEIR ORGANIC, LOCAL PRODUCE: WE JUST PICKED HEIRLOOM TOMATOES (Cherokee Purples, Green Zebras) - AVAILABLE TOMORROW AT THE CROSSFIT GARAGE GAMES IN NATICK!

http://www.thegaragegames.com/events/new-england-firebreather-festival/#, It's FISH FRIDAY! 36 Washington Street, Wellesley...Jason and Tony are on board The Cod Squad...eat fresh, eat local, eat healthy!, Before you can enjoy that Haddock Sandwich at our Food Truck, Sean expertly cuts each Haddock as they arrive from the Pier!, Come on down to Needham, we are right next to our friends from Blue Ribbon on 2nd Ave, null, null, Mother Nature - You're gonna need some excusen' - please hurry up so we can serve our friend Susan!, Rain Rain go off to Sea, so The Cod Squad can dock back in Wellesley!  See y'all tomorrow!, 20 Walnut Street....it's a little like my hometown out there today...but our umbrellas will keep you dry! Wellesley!, Where we will be September 14-16...
http://www.gostowe.com/british-invasion, Today is your lucky day! The Cod Squad is back in Wellesley! LUNCH: 278 Wash. DINNER: 279 Linden!, http://dover.patch.com/articles/chickering-school-pto-holds-third-annual-picnic#photo-11189235, GUESS WHERE THE COD SQUAD IS DOCKED TODAY
http://www.threesaintsinc.org/, TGIF: Thank Goodness It's Fish Day! Yaya! Come on down to 36 Washington Street - I hope we see all those blue oxfords again :) The Haddock Sandy is fresh and the best you will ever have! Who's on board? Jason and Tony Montana!, Needham....here we come! 2nd Avenue with our friends Blue Ribbon BBQ! Come on down - Thursday, August 30th :), Where are YOU dining today? We have the best crowd here at 36 Washington Street...Wellesley! Thanks for scouting us out!, Thanks to CrossFit New England for the invitation to nourish their athletes and spectators at their New England Firebreather Festival on Sept 8th and 9th!, We are still cruizin' today! 20 Walnut Street...Wellesley...come on down and sit under one of our bright red umbrellas?, Come down to 20 Walnut St today until 3pm!, http://blog.zagat.com/2012/08/cod-squad-adds-to-food-truck-feeding.html, null, In celebration of TGIF - come on down to 20 Walnut Street in Wellesley! It's a beautiful day for a fresh Haddock Sandy, complete with local lettuce & tomatoes, purple onion and cheese on a fresh Hazel's toasted bun! Yummmm! Superman is on the fryer and he's one of the best!, 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley, Massachusetts!, 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley, Massachusetts!, 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley, Massachusetts!, It's a BEAUTIFUL day for a haddock sandy, complete with lettuce, local tomatoes, purple onion, cheese...on a grilled Hazel's Bakery roll...and fries! Yummy - only $8 - can't beat it!, Come on down to 20 Walnut Street! Jason is cooking up a storm!
Wellesley!, BREAKFAST IS SERVED - AND OUR MASTER BREAKFAST CHEF, BRIAN, IS ON BOARD THE COD SQUAD!  COME ON DOWN! WASHINGTON STREET, HUNNEWELL FIELD AT THE 24 HOURS OF SOCCER FUNDRAISER, WELLESLEY!, Wow - The Cod Squad is rockin' and rollin' today! Lunch at 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley...and then: http://www.24hoursofsoccer.com/  - a 24 hour fundraiser! 6:00 p.m. today through 6:00 p.m. tomorrow! Breakfast, Lunch AND Dinner - come on down!, http://www.thetrustees.org/places-to-visit/csa/veggie-trails.html, 20 Walnut Street, Wellesley - is't a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Jason does a great job with our shrimp cocktail!, Shrimp Cocktail, Where we will be Friday night and Saturday! Come on down! We will have a special SPECIAL at 1:00 a.m. for those of you who need a little nourishment!, Where we will be Friday night and Saturday!, http://crossfitnewengland.com/
Where we will be on 9/8 and 9/9!, We really enjoyed our time at 20 Walnut Street yesterday - we saw a TON of new faces and made a lot of people delicious lunches! Come on down again today!, We are at 20 Walnut Street this morning - near Newton Lower Falls...come on by and grab a bite - and sit by the River!, Are we going to see you today? We hope so! Come on down to 40 Washington Street, Wellesley, today - our fishermen were out EARLY this morning, casting their nets, and the results? Fresh Fresh Fresh Striper, Haddock, Halibut, Cod Cheeks...yummy!, null, The seas might be rough today, so The Cod Squad is, 'lowering its sails', but no worries - tomorrow? Find us at 278 Washington Street for lunch and at 279 Linden Street for dinner!, Today's specials? WOW! Hot crab cakes served over a bed of local greens...we received a ton of kudos for this special dish! Calamari...signature lobster rolls! Come on down to 40 Washington Street, Wellesley. 617-921-9322, Heading back to Wellesley...come visit us at 40 Washington Street! :), null, Heading back to Wellesley...catch us at 40 Washington Street! Jeb - hope to see you there!, Thank you to our friends at the Wellesley Townsman!:)

"I just had the crab cakes on garden salad and it was fantastic. 
Variety on menu is great from fish and chips with kids size too to fried calamari AND LOBSTER ROLLS TOO...and the prices are quite reasonable. ", Our very own Chris Adams made The Wall Street Journal! Way to go, Rocketman!
http://rocketmancreative.createsend2.com/t/y-l-jyhhhtk-gvkuuytd-s/, We are in Needham today on 2nd ave right next to our friends at Blue Ribbon BBQ. Come on down!, Look, it's the MOD SQUAD!, We are at 40 Washington st today from 11-3. Today's special is a fried combo of scallops and striped bass fingers!, Isn't August spectacular? Come down to 40 Washington Street, Wellesley today, The Cod Squad has a taste of the Atlantic!, null, null, null, TODAY'S SPECIALS: Cod Cheeks, Halibut!, Crab Cakes (so so yummy...homemade every morning and freshly baked), shrimp cocktail, calamari! Come down, say hello to Sean, Superman and Britta! - It's Britta's last day before she goes off to college! (boo hoo hoo)...we are at 40 Washington Street, Wellesley!, Try some of Emily's Brownies for dessert!, Thanks to so many of you for coming by The Cod Squad today - especially because it has been sooooo hot out! Stop in tomorrow, Superman, Britta and Sean will be on The Squad! And...of course, call in for specials...617-921-9322, We are back down at 40 Washington Street, Wellesley today - come cool off with one of our local crisp green salads - topped with yummy, lemoney, poached salmon!, Typical woman!!!  She changed her mind ...the Cod Squad is at Morses Pond!!!  Come on down!!!  Wellesley, Tomorrow, Sunday August 5, 2012, is going to be a real scorcher...so...The Cod Squad is going to take the day off...just too hot and humid for this ship!, GUESS WHAT? We will be at our old stomping grounds tomorrow - in front of 278 Washington Street in Wellesley! It's gonna be a scorcher...so come cool off with us - we have ice cold shrimp, lobster, salmon, tuna...local crisp greens...and - our signature cole slaw...SO YUMMY!  For the faint of heart - we still have our daily specials: crab cakes!  See you for lunch or dinner!  Quebrada bakery is a great place to get an iced coffee and dessert! :), IT'S FISH FRIDAY AGAIN! WOOO HOOOOT! Come on down! You can call in or text in your order...we look forward to seeing you all again! Who's on board? Jason, Sean and Britta! 40 Washington Street...Wellesley...today's specials? So great: sriped bass fingers, halibut fingers, fresh crabs cakes over a bed of local greens, scallops!!!, cod cheeks, calamari...oh boy - how do you choose? I say grab one of these specials for now and one for later! Be sure to tell us what your favorite is!, Also .. we will be serving lunch at the grand reopening of the Caryl House in Dover, Massachusetts! Please join us on September 30, 2012 at Noon:  http://www.doverhistoricalsociety.org/caryl.html, We are so very excited to announce a few of our upcoming events:
http://crossfitnewengland.com/2012/08/01/volunteers-and-judges-needed/

AND:

http://24hoursofsoccer.com/, Today's special, Crab Cakes on a green salad!, Come see us at 40 Washington Street - Thursday and Friday...we LOVE our regulars, well, and you could be one too! Wellesley ROCKS!  And...for our specials? Well......call us at 617-921-9322 and we'll tell you about our mouth-watering, in season, ALWAYS FRESH...daily catches!, Poached Salmon on a salad plate, No worries! The Cod Squad will be back in front of 40 Washington Street, Wellesley, today by popular demand! Thanks to all of our, 'regulars', and of course our, 'newcomers'!  We will be a little late today, though...seems like other towns want a piece of The Cod Squad Action!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O0fOPFVLKc&feature=youtu.be, Guess what!?!!?  We you spoke, we listened! Come down for FRESH, JUICY, PLUMP (nothing added) SCALLOPS today!  So sweet and tender...you'll will surely find a spot at one of our picnic tables...you may sit next to a stranger, but you will leave with a new friend!  Jason, Superman and Britta are on board The Cod Squad today!, null, We are at 40 Washington Street...Wellesley for the rest of this week! Stay tuned for exciting news about our new upcoming locations! I guess people are REALLY liking us! And. WE really like you! Come on down! Jason, Superman and Britta are on board The Cod Squad today!, The Cod Squad is a fantastic place to bring your friends' children (as well as your own)...one of these children flew up from Charleston and upon arrival, her mother asked her, "I will buy you ANY meal you want...what would you like?", and the daughter responded..."A Captain Marden's Lobster Roll!!!!!"...So...here they are...three Holliston High School Grads...and one working overtime Mom!, Gosh - we received requests from Australia to San Francisco! Sounds great! We will, however, be at 40 Washington Street, Wellesley...do come visit, it is a cool, crisp, spectacular day! Just like our freshly made green salads, topped with one of our signature seafood salad offerings! YUMMY!, Where would you like us tomorrow?, https://twitter.com/yelpboston/status/229262184344084480, Thanks for all of the calls! Yes! You can call ahead to order, text in your order...or come on down! We are at 279 Linden Street, Wellesley again. And, today - again, we have fresh fried clams, and of course, our famous (always fresh!) Lobster Salad. Hope to see you soon!, http://www.wickedlocal.com/wellesley/news/x2078606119/Seafood-on-wheels-comes-to-Wellesley#axzz21v0Tegm6, Today's menu at the Food Truck Festivals of New England event in Brighton is outstanding! Shrimp macaroni salad, lobster rolls, fried clam roll (so yummy)...it's all good, come on down! www.foodtruckfestivalsofne.com, We're all cheering on our local athlete Aly Raisman! Go USA!, Come see us, and many more tomorrow in Brighton!!! www.foodtruckfestivalsofne.com, She's a Beauty!, Today we are in Wellesley on Washington street (lower falls) at 11am! See you there!, We're having lots of fun in Lower Falls!, Fish Bites, Welcome Wednesday, a.k.a., "Humpday", today by joining us for lunch at 36 Washington Street, Wellesley! Today is a stunning day! Call or text ahead, we will have your order ready! 617-921-9322...Cod Cheeks, Striped Bass and Halibut Fingers, Fish & Chips, Poached Salmon over fresh green salad, clam chowder! Yum!, We have INCREDIBLE specials today! Striped bass, Halibut, Haddock, Shrimp, Salmon...come on down! Look for the bright blue Cod Squad on Washington Street - right in front of # 36... and yes, that's WELLESLEY! Call/text your order: 617-921-9322., Okay folks...in the spirit of, 'MOBILE", we think we are going to be, yes, MOBILE! Our location will be a mystery tomorrow...however...stay tuned...okay?, Happy Sunday, it's sure a beauty! We are at 279 Linden Street today, in Wellesley...and we have a SPECTACULAR SPECIAL! SRIPED BASS! Come on down! We will be here until 7pm - call or text in your order: 617-921-9322 :), The menu is terrific for tomorrow! Come visit us on Church Street from 10-4 p.m. - during the Wellesley July Jubiliee! Fish bites for the kids, Fish and Chips, Coconut Shrimp (so yummy), Shrimp Cocktail...and our signature chowdha...come on down! :), It's EAT FISH FRIDAY! Come on down to 278 Washington Street, Wellesley, today for some, FRESH Cod Cheeks, Halibut Fingers, Haddock! Yummy - and of course, our signature, blanched in fresh sea water, shrimp! Today is our last day at this location until further notice...don't miss out - see you soon! Britta, Jason and Sean are the maties on The Cod Squad! (wish Jason a happy birthday - it was yesterday but birthdays should last more than just one day, dontcha think?)...you can say: feliz aniversario to him!, http://www.julyjubilation.com/, Thank you all for your tremendous support of The Cod Squad at 278 Washington Street in Wellesley~!  We have some exciting updates...so stay tuned - we will be visiting a new location...don't worry, it will be in Wellesley!  Also - brand new news:  we will be parked on Church Street this Saturday as part of the JULY JUBILEE!  Come visit us - we will be right across from Potpourri, Cachet, The Gifted Hand...so cool~!  See you there!, Don't mess with The Cod Squad!, Stop by the food truck today! We are parked outside Middlesex Bank on Washington St in Wellesley! Lots of fresh lobster rolls and yummy summer seafood treats!, Even though it was 97 degrees yesterday, there was actually a cool breeze under the bright red tents at The Cod Squad! We are still at 278 Washington Street in Wellesley, by popular demand! We even fed several of our honored Wellesley Firemen yesterday - love a man in uniform! Come and visit - Andrew, Jason, Sean and Britta will be there to greet you with big smiles! Try a chilled shrimp cocktail - we blanch our shrimp in sea water! so yummy...CALL 617-921-9322 and ask what Kim has put on the menu for the daily special!, Many thanks to David Anderson of the Wellesley Fire Department for visiting us yesterday!, Have you seen the weather report today? Well...if you have, then you know you are going to have to find time to cool down...we have just the answer! Our Lobster, Salmon and Tuna salads, all freshly made, are a mere 38 degrees! Come grab a crisp green salad, topped with one of the above today, we will be next to the Middlesex Savings Bank at 278 Washington Street in Wellesley!, null, Thanks, Cara! SO glad you enjoyed The Food Truck Festivals of New England Worcester Food Truck Festival! See you in Brighton on the 28th?
, It was a wonderful day! Our next Food Truck Festivals of New England Docking Station? Artseni Park, Brighton, Mass. on July 28th from 11-7 - See you there? Please say yes!, Some of, "our girls" at The Cod Squad last week! Eating...yep, Lobster Rolls!, It was an awesome day! People from all over the State of Massachusetts, Rhode Island...and who knows where else, were there! Thanks for coming!
, Feeling like eating a COOL FRESH Lobster roll this afternoon? OR .. how about a nice crisp, chilled shrimp cocktail?  Actually, The Captain has perfected his salmon salad recipe...we place a generous portion over a bed of greens and colorful in-season veggies...YUM! Come on down between 3-7 tonight - at 279 Linden Street, right here in Wellesley!, She's a Beauty!, null, Today is EAT FISH FRIDAY! Come down to The Cod Squad between 11-7:00 today for a fresh lobster roll! On Rt. 16 at the junction of Rt. 9 ~ Wellesley, Massachusetts., Catch us in wellesley hills tomorrow once again from 11-7 on route 16, right next to Middlesex Savings Bank, Fried Cod Cheeks, Great crowd here today at The Cod Squad in Wellesley! Come on down! Roy Marden is at the window along with Sean, Jason and Tony! Order a lobster roll and cole slaw...fresh, cool and delicious! Bring your own sangria!, Ready for a real treat? Visit The Cod Squad tomorrow at 279 Linden Street in Wellesley for our VERY FRESH fried clams, INCREDIBLE lobster rolls, and of course - that Captain Marden's cheerful crowd!  3p.m. - 7p.m., HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY! COME VISIT THE COD SQUAD TODAY FROM 11:00 A.M. - 7:00 P.M., AT 279 LINDEN STREET IN WELLESLEY!, Join us in the Takeaway lot from 11-7 tomorrow, Happy 4th!, We will be in the Takeaway parking lot today from 2-7!, null, We are getting ready for our first food truck festival tomorrow in New Hampshire!

http://foodtruckfestivalsofne.com/rockingham-park-info/, One of our docking stations yesterday...with Britta Marden :), The Cod Squad is parked on Washington Street in Wellesley across from the baseball fields today until 6pm!, null, http://www.unionleader.com/article/20120626/NEWHAMPSHIRE07/706279978, The Captain and former employee and current owner of Blue Ribbon BBQ: our Geoff Janowski! Stop by and see Geoff, weekdays in Needham for an extra yummy BBQ!, Our VERY FIRST Customer! Thanks John! He LOVED his signature Lobster Roll! (Made FRESH using Hazel's roll!), THANK YOU to many of our decade long customers for celebrating The Cod Squad's Opening Day yesteray, including The Gundy's and The Oteri's! Thanks to Jeff and Jim for popping the bubbly!, Congratulations to the Duffy Family - the grand prize winners of yesterday's many give-aways at The Cod Squad's Opening Day festivities! Have fun at the Red Sox Game tonight!, Fresh Green Salad with Poached Salmon - a smash hit at The Cod Squad's opening day! Thank you to Tangerini's Spring Street Farm in Millis!, Thanks to Kim for all of his support! Thanks to Cathy-Jo and Susan and Cynthia for coming!, LOCAL IS IS AWESOME! Look who helped us with our FRESHEST salads and rolls and sandwiches!, The Cod Squad is being Christened today at 3PM! at Captain Marden's Seafoods: 279 Linden Street, Wellesley! Look what's cookin'!, Captain Marden's food truck, "The Cod Squad" sets sail this Sunday! It will be docked at 279 Linden Street, Wellesley! Many give-a-ways, including premium seats to the Red Sox Game Monday night vs. Toronto Blue Jays! Stop by for a swimingly good time! Pictured: THE CAPTAIN and THE COD SQUAD!, http://pinterest.com/captainmarden/, She's a Beauty!, http://www.telecamsystems.com/fishpier/singleshots.htm, Thank you to Candy O'Terry for your generous support of Captain Marden's, The Cod Squad!  Take a listen, do you recognize her beautiful voice on our voicemail?, She's a Beauty!, null, null, null, null, Visited Blue Ribbon BBQ for lunch last week...HIGHLY recommend it! Delicious! $8 you get a sandwich, and TWO sides! Such a scrumptious deal!, null, null, null, WWW.FOODTRUCKFESTIVALSOFNE.COM, The Cod Squad's First Day on the Job!, null, Where we will get a lot of the produce used in our delicious meals!, Listen to Kimmy's contagious enthusiasm when the food truck arrived last Thursday night!, LOOK! IT'S ON ITS WAY! ETA: 9PM OR SO...DEPENDING ON TRAFFIC IN NYC AND HARTFORD...THANKS STEPHEN DUNN FOR BRINGING HER HOME! (We think it's a "her")..., WE ARE GOING TO GIVE YOU, LIVE FEED, FROM WESTWOOD TONIGHT! THE COD SQUAD IS DUE TO LAND AROUND 7PM! Champagne anyone? 35 Perwal Street, Westwood!, null, null, ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL!, Sara Ross Rocks! (and kicks___ too!) :), What is your very favorite menu item from Captain Marden's Seafoods?, CAN ANYONE GUESS WHAT HAPPENS TOMORROW! WE ARE SOOOOOO EXCITED! COME ON - GUESS!, THANKS BAFTA!, null, See...we are old enough to appreciate our moms now! :) Love you guys at Mei Mei!
, LEVELUP IS TOTALLY FREE, FAST TO JOIN AND SIMPLE TO USE!
CALL ADAM THORPE AT 518-307-3895 - HE'S AWESOME!!! 


https://www.thelevelup.com/, null, null, null, null, null, null, Last night we went to Area Four for dinner - it is SPECTACULAR! The waitstaff - tremendous - the food - outstanding (smoked cod salad, fabulous!), the wine! Delicioso! Just sayin'!, null, null, THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU  to the The Chubby Chickpea Food Truck! We were SOOOOO hungry and they gave us FOUR really delicious hot Falafel "muffins" (with fresh humus)...just delicious. THANK YOU AVI!  p.s. description of this Middle Eastern Delight: Chickpeas and Parlsey ground and seasoned, then lightly fried into little vegetarian balls of happiness. You MUST try these!, Captain Marden's Seafoods Food Truck Captain, Terri, and First Mate, Andrew, ate their way through Copley Square, Government Center and Back Bay yesterday! We met fellow Food Truckers and fell in love with their incredible menu items! Take a look at Staff Meal's Tacos! Fresh, Yummy and Colorful! And Adam and Patrick are the Bomb- Diggity! :), null, LOVE STAFF MEAL and our new/old Pals Adam and Patrick! :), null, null, null, null, null, null, Sarah Ross's cupcakes are amazing, and so is she!
, GREAT TO MEET YOU TODAY - ADAM AND PATRICK, MY LATEST NEW IRISH PALS! :), null, null, null, null, null, Look at what The Captain is up to today! He's making Haddock with Honey Bourbon sauce (a.k.a. Drunken Haddock)...he says he makes a wonderful sauce using Old Grand Dad! We love The Captain!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The 1st Captain Marden's Food Truck is scheduled to set sail the first week in June....so exciting. We have a new iPhone: 617-921-9322...Help us with ideas for the voicemail - be creative!, Take a peek at the progress of the new Captain Marden's Food Truck! Woo Hoo!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Friend Ron Sarni is doing a great job representing all of the Boston area food trucks!, Hey Foodies! Check out the tasty events Boston Food Truck Alliance (BAFTA) has in store for you! 
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Boston-Food-Truck-Alliance/254198894665529 
, null, null, Captain Marden's has joined Dave Mason's endorsement of Work Vessels for Veterans www.wvfv.net.  Please join us as we support WFVF's current effort: to provide at least $10,000.00 worth of laptops to our returning HEROES!!! Email tklippert@captainmardens.com to purchase raffle tickets - winners will receive one of the following prizes:  Hand-signed Fender Starcaster by Dave Mason, Dinner for Two at The Captain's Table, $50 Gift Cert. redeemable at The Captain's Retail Store, OR - Two Tickets to the Boston Red Sox (game to be announced shortly)..., null, null, What would you like to see being sold on the truck?, The Captain's food truck has joined Twitter! Once the truck is on the road, that is where you will find the most up to date info on where the truck is, what they're serving and so much more! Check it out!

www.twitter.com/codsquadtruck , null, null, null, And...the update on the what, "Dr. Frankenstein" and his helper, "Igor" are up to: "The van is moving right along…its in our frame shop and we are guesstimating that it will be completed with that department by the end of next week." ! It's gonna be a MONSTER of a truck! Woooo Hooooo!, Latest Update: (sooooooo exciting)!!! The Rocketman (a.k.a. Chris Adams) who is designing the art for the outside of the truck gave us this update yesterday: 

I'm finalizing the options this afternoon and will email you the initial concepts for review tomorrow.

I think there is a winner in the mix and I'm excited to keep this moving and begin fleshing out a direction., COUNTDOWN TO THE FIRST CAPTAIN MARDEN'S SEAFOOD TRUCK BEGINS! THE TRUCK IS NOW, 'IN THE GARAGE'...being customized! Stay tuned..., Ride the Food Truck Festival WAVE with us!, THE COUNTDOWN IS LOOMING! HELP US NAME CAPTAIN MARDEN'S FIRST FOOD TRUCK! Take a look below and vote now!, www.bostonfoodtruckalliance.com, Be sure to tune into WBUR today at 3pm when Ron Sarni talks with Radio Boston about food truck scene!, Have you voted for your favorite name for the new Captain Marden's Food Truck?, http://local.thebostonchannel.com/b18985506/Captain-Mardens-Seafood-Table, But wait, there's more! Vote on one of the names submitted by our customers or submit your own! Thanks!, Okay Fans....it's your chance! Please either SUMBIT or VOTE on the name for the first Captain Marden's Seafoods food truck. Just post your vote on this wall. Here are the current submissions - (or submit your own - or vote on someone else's submission! We will keep track!): , Okay Fans....it's your chance!  Please either SUMBIT or VOTE on the name for the first Captain Marden's Seafoods food truck. Just post your vote on this wall. Here are the current submissions - (or submit your own - or vote on someone else's submission! We will keep track!): 

The Roll-Away
Marine Cuisine
Killarney (be the first to figure out the significance of this name!)
Hungry Haddock
Seafood One
Boston Scrod
Have Fin!, null, www.levelup.com, null, Thanks to Adam Thorpe, SVNGR & LevelUp, for a very informative meeting yesterday. CMS bought him some chowder. Here's the text convo that took place:

Us: Adam, how was the seafood chowder?
Adam: OMG! It was the best chowder that I have ever had, I actually made 4 others try it.
Us: Toldja!
Adam: Every bite had more seafood than the last. Thank you so much! I found two huge scallops in it, very surprised and excited ha ha

YOU ARE WELCOME ADAM! :), Captain Marden's Food Truck Customization!, null, Keep your eyes out for Captain Marden's Trucks! There's new artwork: Captain Marden's along with Dave Mason are sponsoring Work Vessels for Veterans wvfv.net - join us in supporting the men and women who have put their lives on the line to secure our freedom!, null, Notice the new artwork on Captain Marden's trucks - featuring Work Vessels for Veterans wvfv.net along with our new friend, Dave Mason!, null, Captain Marden's Mobile Cuisine is partnering with Dave Mason and Work Vessels for Veterans: wvfv.net join us!, null, null, null)