List(We love our customers, Just kidding we go very hard, We tend to play hard after an amazing meal., 35 day dry aged prime bone in ribeye.  24 ounces of pure heaven!, Chef getting ready for another day.  Like his brother the pasta maker, he has been here for 20 years.  Let's go Dine Out Boston!!, 22 years preparing and making your pasta!  My captain my captain!, What a crew!!, If you ever need or would like floral arrangements on your table, please let us know!, Pan seared Monk Fish, little necks, chic pees, asparagus, scallions.  Delicious!, Murray's natural whole half 4lb bird under the heat lamp heading out.  De-boned daily and marinated 24 hours. Just one of the dine out Boston menu items.  Served with 2 sides.  $38 3 courses ends in 9 days.  SEND IT OUT!!, We love watching a dining room full of guests enjoying their evening but sorry about the awkward photo flash!, We take seasoning our food perfectly very serious here!, The spring craft cocktail list is up!  Give it a try give it a try......, Dine out Boston menu!, Beautiful evening tonight, we are open for the seafood convention!!, Did you know that when our club Ascend is open on the weekends we serve pizza, burgers and steak tips until 2am?!  Shown the buffalo chicken pizza., Firing up lots of bone marrow tonight, My favorite part of this burger is the cherry wood smoked dry aged bacon.  We have to give you a steak knife with this thing just so you have a chance., 2.5lb grilled lobster, Now featuring Source organic still and sparkling water from Llanllyr Wales., Canadian Pacific longline halibut fresh from B.C.'s docks today with a sun dried tomato and watercress salad., Lobster seafood pot is a great way to warm up on a cold evening., Come get some steak tonight!, null, It's that time of the year again!!  Make your reservations now.., Pan seared Halibut, chick pea pure, shaved steamed carrots, asparagus, null, New Years Plans? Join us on NYE for 5 floors of food, booze and entertainment! 

http://ascendnewyears.cravetickets.com/
Tables / VIP : 617.963.4511, Ascend Boston / Umbria Prime will unfortunately be CLOSED tonight to do a water main break that the city is currently working to resolve. We apologize for the inconvenience but it is necessary for the safety of both our staff and customers., Who is in the mood for some 35 day prime dry aged steaks?, null, Monk Fish Special, Orzo Pasta, Clams, Asparagus, Sweet Peas, Aged Bacon.  Delicious!!!, Practice Practice Practice, Train Train Train!!, Our specials are killing it tonight!

1_Organic mushroom soup
2_Striped Bass ceviche
3_Lobster Fra Diavolo, fresh made Fettuccini, marinara and cherry tomatoes
4_Chicken, asparagus, parmesan and mushroom risotto
5_Pan seared Monkfish with saffron orzo pasta, sweet peas, carrots and dry aged bacon
6_12oz organic pork chop
7_40oz prime porterhouse to share, Making the Chicken Raviolis, Having some fun today.  We are hosting local farmers and chefs for a five course organic farm to table dinner., Night lights, @Mike Reagan mixing up some amazing cocktails tonight., This man knows how to order.  You must come try the lobster double stuffed baked potato., null, Come check out our newly remodeled third floor lounge and dining room.  A perfect place to host any event!  Call Shannon at 617-338-1000 for more information and menu's., Getting ready for a big night, A 16 ounce sirloin for lunch?  Yes please!!, Our new nightclub Ascend Boston opens this weekend!, Serving dinner at the liver foundation fund raiser, Umbria is currently looking for a full time day bartender and fine dining servers whom can work lunches and dinner. Lunch shifts are 10am to 4pm, and dinner shifts are 4pm to 11pm. Please in-box us. This is not for the night club but we will entertain those applications as well., Sunday, September 20th, join us along side The Farmers Dinner as we team up and shut down Franklin St for a 5 course Farm To Table feast!  !!!SAVE $50!!! by making your reservations today: http://www.thefarmersdinner.com/event/the-boston-farmers-dinner/
Ticket price includes tax & gratuity., Our chef has been here for 19 years #dedication.  Worked his way up from the bottom.  Now he selects produce, fish, and makes sure our meats are prime and aged 35 days every morning.  Amazing! And yes he hates gmo s!, Imagine shutting down a street in Boston to host a festive farm to table dinner while hearing stories from local farmers. For the first time in Boston's history, such an event is taking place on Sunday September 20th 2015 right outside of the restaurant. Gathered under the Boston autumn sky, we are teaming up with The Farmers Dinner for the "Boston Farmers Dinner."

Long, linen-clad tables will be set up in two rows down the middle of the street with seating for over 200 guests. This five-course dinner, artfully created and prepared will feature fresh, local food and guests will hear from a variety of speakers on pertinent topics including the farmers who provided the food for the event. Local activists who share a similar mission will speak about topics such as biodiversity and sustainability. This event allows people to come together and not only enjoy local food, but also find out how to better support local farms., We never talk enough about our pan seared then oven brick pressed chicken but it's amazing.  The big factor aside from cooking it perfectly so it's tender and juicy is our Star Anise marinade we prepare it with!!, Get your tickets now for the grub pub crawl next Saturday, It might look like a lot but we get our lunch guests in and out on time and happy!  Kitchen crew on point!, A look at our 35 day dry aged NY Sirloin all trimmed up and ready to grill.  That's some sweet marbleization!, Tonight's Crudo feature is sushi grade Ahi Tuna.  I mean come on look at that!  Ocean to table today!, Guests at the bar said "keep em comin!" so we are!, A Happy 2 Hours with Oysters. Join us., Make sure your in the in!!!, Wow Paul Graham came up with this beauty tonight!!  I'm shocked and impressed with this.  Come try it and he will give you the recipe!  Hint if you like Mojito's, you'll love this!, On Line Gift Cards always available!, Did you know we can serve your 21/2 pound lobster baked, stuffed or boiled?  I love the shrimp and crab stuffing!, Alaskan king salmon, champagne shallots,  French green beans, endive, Get your reservations in now!!, How refreshing would this raspberry and gelato shortcake be right now?  Come try one!, Perfect day for the caprese!!, I am in the mood for some steak and lobster tonight at Umbria!!, Our raw bar is perfect on these hot days!, Almost time Boston!!, Come in and try our Express Lunch Prix Fixe menu today!!, Our outside right now!!  Wow, Fresh spinach fettuccine, mussels, clams.  Delicious!!, The Mako Shark special tonight.  YUMMM!, Must come try the Shrimp and Clam Risotto this evening!!, Our Brick Oven is firing up your favorite pizzas daily for lunch and dinner!!, This deal is almost expired!!  Its amazing, have a look.  4 courses!!!, We are rolling out a new menu!!  Come try our daily selections of ceviche's and crudo's!!!  Shown, Sea Bass lime ceviche!, We are open tonight so come in for some dinner and dancing!, Time for some craft cocktails, What an incredible night tonight in our club!  Make sure to come have some dinner or apps before the show!, New air conditioners going in!, Beautiful Lobster Risotto Special Today!!, Ours are awesome!!!, Get down to Umbria Prime and enjoy our three course Prix Fixe menu for $47! 

Reservations: 617.338.1000

295 Franklin Street | Boston's Financial District | 02110, EAT | PARTY | LIVE at Umbria Prime

Reservations: http://www.umbriaprime.com/reservations/

617.338.1000 | 295 Franklin Street | Boston, MA, null, Firing up the oven for some fun!!, The windows are open here at Umbria Prime on this beautiful #MothersDay in #Boston Come down and join us, #RebootBrunch is just kicking off!, Still have not decided about mothers day?  This amazing Prix Fixe 3 course menu should help!!  Only $35!, The Brunch Menu, null, Hung over? Nothing we can't fix with amazing brunch food and an epic Bloody Mary bar., Brunch fun at Umbria Prime Boston, Which one would you like??, Our Bloody Marry Brunch Bar., Join us today from 10:30Am to 4PM (or whenever the party stops) at Umbria Prime and Prime Boston for the #REBOOTBRUNCH. Amazing food with a party vibe. 

Reservations: http://bit.ly/RebootBrunch

VIP 617.963.4511 | 295 Franklin Street | Boston, MA, null, Prix Fixe to a good night at #UMBRIAPRIME. Three courses for $47 in Boston's Downtown. Make reservations today!

617.338.1000 | 295 Franklin Street | Boston, MA, "It became evident to me that someone in that kitchen lived and breathed steak, because that piece of meat was cared for like someone’s child.", Every Sunday at Umbria Prime and Prime Boston, #REBOOTBOSTON. The best brunch food around. 

Reservation: http://bit.ly/RebootBrunch

VIP 617.963.4511 | 295 Franklin Street | Boston, MA, Always evolving the craft cocktails here at Umbria!  Come have a try...., True Prime C.A.B., 35 day dry aged.  Who will be the fist one to enjoy this tonight!, Love firing up the rotisserie chicken for our house made chicken raviolis!, null, Don't forget to come dine at Umbria tonight for free entry into this amazing show!!, We challenge you to try the Certified Black Angus Prime steaks of Umbria Prime!

RESERVATIONS: http://www.opentable.com/umbria-prime

617.338.1000 | 295 Franklin Street | Boston, MA, Want to bring dinner to the next level? Check out these upcoming events at the club upstairs Prime Boston

03-27 | TORRO TORRO || http://bitly.com/TorroTorro032715
04-03 | LooKas || http://bitly.com/Lookas040315
04-10 | Snails || http://bitly.com/Snails041015
04-17 | Kennedy Jones || http://bitly.com/KennedyJones041715
04-24 | Antiserum || http://bitly.com/Antiserum042415
Phase One Pass || http://bitly.com/PhaseOneAtomic

VIP 617.963.4511, null, Nightclub hiring tonight!, null, Club will still be open tonight!, null, null, Take a 2 block walk to Umbria after the parade today and warm up with some HOT TODDIES and Burgers at the bar!  We open at 11:30am!, http://www.opentable.com/umbria-prime-reservations-boston?rid=4210&restref=4210, Umbria Prime will be open at 4pm today and back to normal hours tomorrow!, null, null, null, null, null, Lobster anyone? Maybe try one of our 35 day dry aged filets? We're open till 10pm tonight stop by!, Please note that not only can you enjoy our pre fixe menu on New Years Eve but our full menu will also be available.  Reserve soon, tables are limited at ths point! When calling please inquire if you would like to attend the nye party in our club after!, This New Years Eve enjoy dinner and dancing at Umbria
For Reservations Call : 617.338.1000, Make sure to reserve a table in the dining room for dinner before the fun!!, Did you know that Certified Angus Beef Prime only makes up 1.5% of the beef produced by the already strict standards of the Certified Angus Beef Brand? 

One more reason to come and try our wood oven Certified Angus Beef Prime cut filet!

Or maybe you want tonight's special our Buffalo Rib-eye!

For reservations call 617.338.1000, null, Last week to enjoy our Dine Out Boston 3 course dinner menu!  It's only $33.00.  Lunch Dine Out menu is also available Monday through Friday!, Thank you to all of the staff and friends from Trattoria Il Panino for visiting and having dinner with us this evening!  What an amazing family we have!, Ahhhh raw bar at Umbria Prime!!, The perfect day to enjoy our raw bar after work!, In celebration of graduation day Umbria Prime will be open tonight at 5pm so make sure you celebrate your Sunday funday with a steak and great service!, Our hearts are with the Boston Fire Department tonight! We are all mourning the loss of the heroes with whom we work with every day and night.   These men and woman keep us and our club safe every day!!  God bless BFD!!, Come to Umbria Prime every Wednesday through Friday at 4:30 in the bar for our new Oyster Bar Happy Hour!!  1$ Oysters, Clams and Jumbo Shrimp until 7pm!!, Call Nick at 617-248-6800 to book your spot for this amazing dinner., Take a look at our amazing line-up for your after dinner dancing pleasure the next few months!!!, Holiday lunches, yay!, Cook those filet's!, Batman stopped in for a steak last night!!, null, null, Have a steak then go dance next Saturday October 5th!, null, Introducing our Rush Hour menu at the bar!!

Come Monday through Friday and enjoy our specialty burger and slider bar.  All items are $5.95.  Also try any raw bar item for $2.00.

Available 5pm to 7pm in the bar only!

Cheers!!, Chef made some amazing stuffed zucchini flowers with mozzarella and pancetta tempura fried for a nice appetizer special, its a must try., Braised Pork Shank, Brussels on special wow, And so it begins, our fall season!  Stay tuned for some exciting new menu items and specials coming next week!, Ahh fall weather and steaks go great together!, Restaurant week is going amazingly well!  Make sure to click below and have a look at our menus.  You can make reservations for next week as well, this week has been very busy., If you are looking for pictures from our club Prime Boston, you can go to that page for them.  "Prime Boston"  On another note, our oyster bar changes every day with 12 different oysters mostly from the East Coast.  Great way to start before you have a Prime Dry Aged Steak!!, FYI Ocean Club is definitely open tonight.  Our club Prime Boston will be rockin as well.  Make sure to stop by the dining room for a Prime 35 day dry aged steak!, If you want to start with some ice cold oysters from our raw bar this weekend I can't think of a better way to beat the heat!!  Try them with the Girgch Hills Riesling!, We know Wednesday's are a bit flat lately here in Boston so tonight we are proud to open the club and welcome A-Track!!  Please come and enjoy., Yum!!  We do this every day. So hard not to partake!!, This is a major evening, please join us in our club, PRIME BOSTON., After discussing the current situation we have in fact decided to close Umbria Prime the restaurant tonight.  Be safe and stay diligent Boston.  Our north end restaurants will be open tonight., We are praying for everyone involved in today's tragedy!!, Check out our Memorial Day Weekend line up at Ocean Club!!, null, If you are looking for the link to any of the following performances here at Prime Boston our club just click below.

4-6, Pierce Fulton
4-7, Matzo
4-14, Bingo Players
4-17, A-Track
4-19, Bass Jackers Dyro and Henrix
4-26, 3BLAU
4-28, W&W
5-5, Borgore.

This link will also work for our Ocean Club ticketing which will be available soon.  So far we have announced:

5-23, Knife Party
5-24, Aoki
5-25, R3HAB
5-26, Top Secret announcement coming soon., And so it begins!!  Our first release for Ocean Club this summer!, This weekends All Star line up at Club Prime Boston!  We are thrilled to have both these amazing artists as well as Gossip Saturdays usual fun!  We are in the last 4 days of restaurant week so if you have not tried it yet please call for a reservation.  For tickets to below shows go to Prime Boston facebook page for a Wantickets.com direct link., Umbria Prime is open the next two Sunday's featuring restaurant week menu!  Get a three course dinner for $38.13.  Then dance the dinner of in our club Prime Boston!, null, It's almost time for restaurant week!  Click link below to see our menus and make reservations., What a great day for Umbria Prime and Prime Boston Facebook pages,  both hit 3000 likes!  Make sure you like both pages for restaurant and club info!  Thank you everyone!, And another one! WOW APRIL!!!, Another big release From our club Prime Boston tonight!, Fedde Le Grand has arrived!  What a night it's going to be!, They met in the club, they fell in love in the club and tonight they are getting married in the club.  Congratts and what an amazing dinner we are about to serve you on your special day!!, 35 day dry aged Prime Double Filet and Bearing Sea King Crab Legs anyone?, This weekend events at our club Prime Boston:

Friday, Snow Glow event with DJ Disco Lemonade.
Saturday, Gossip Saturdays with DJ Tao
Sunday, Fedde Le Grand on The Road To Ultra

We also brought in some East Coast oysters to add to the Oyster Bar if you want to get your aphrodisiac on before you go dancing.

Try them with Camus Conundrum!

Cheers, It is with regret that we announce the postponement of the Tritonal show at Prime this upcoming Sunday, February 24th. We have come to this decision due to the foreseeable inclement weather conditions in the New England area. The event will be rescheduled for March 31st, 2013.

We apologize for this inconvenience but are sure that you understand that your safety is of utmost importance and concern for us. 

Tickets for the new Tritonal show can be purchased at www.wantickets.com/Events/122446/TRITONAL-at-PRIME/. All tickets purchased for the original date are valid for the new show. Should you choose to have your ticket refunded, please contact us at 617-338-1000.

We look forward to seeing everyone on March 31st. 

Thank you,, Stay tuned to see how you could win this golden ticket., We're so close to the weekend!

Tomorrow: The Devil From Acapulco (Dayglow) returns!
Saturday: Gossip Saturdays at Prime Boston w/ Dirty DEK!
Sunday: Tritonal drops by Prime Boston to finish off the weekend!, null, null, One of many great stories and radio spots about the show Saturday night!, Take advantage of this tomorrow everyone and come to Umbria!!  Free parking in Boston!, Prime Tenderloin Steak Sandwich or 1lb aged beef Cheese burger for lunch anyone?? The Italian cut fries are a favorite to all!  We are open for lunch weekdays from 11:30 to 2:30!!, A lot of amazing things are happening here at Umbria Prime and our club, Prime Boston.  Here is a summery of just a few:

Thur, Feb. 14th, Valentines Day with amazing specials
Sat, Feb. 16th, DJ Eric Prydz
Sun, Feb. 17th, DJ Pauly D.
Sun, Feb. 24th, DJ Tritonal
Sun, March 3rd, DJ Fedde Legrand
Sun, March 17th, DJ Showteck

And as always every Friday features Encore Friday's and every Saturday features Gossip Saturday's!

Our winter martini list is amazing at the first floor bar as well!

Click the link for tickets to the events or for VIP call Rachel at 617-800-3604...

CHEERS!!, Due to ourselves and our staff still digging out the restaurant will be closed tonight but we will be opening club prime at 10pm.   Thank you and please stop by later!, null, Time is running out to get reservation for Valentines Day so start planning!!!, null, A fun even is planned for February 17th!!, Never to cold for a shellfish tower!!, Fun at Prime Boston, Fun club video, He is coming!!, Saturday's entertainment at Prime Boston., Friday's entertainment at Prime Boston, this is how we like to serve our Prime Filet and Lobster, What do ya think?, What an amazing year and we really went over the top to end it last night!!  Amazing party.  We are taking the day to recouperate and will be back in action tomorrow.  Thank you everyone!!, Hey could someone give us a mercy like so we are not at 2666 likes?  Thank You, Wow last night was amazing in our club, Prime Boston!!, null, Nellohttps://www.facebook.com/nelloclip?ref=ts&fref=ts

On national chocolate day, Our chef who's forte' is dessert gets a bit pazzo and makes amzing pastries here at Umbria.  Come check it out., Hope you are all having an amazing holiday season!!  We are truly blessed for all of our fans and guests and just wanted to say thank you to everyone who supports Umbria Prime, and our club, Prime Boston!!  Big weekend ahead with amazing food and events such as Tommy Trash on Friday, Gossip Saturdays, Bambora on Sunday and of course the NYE private event!!  Cheers!, Wake up feeling festive with Bamboora's Secret Santa mix! Our resident DJ will be along side Kill The Noise Friday and Kaeno Deon Butler on Sunday! Whos ready for a wild winter weekend, Next time your in Napa Valley, make sure you stop in to the Far Niente wine cellar and check it out.  In the dome you can stand 80 feet away from a person and whisper to them and they will here you like you are talking into there ear right next to them!  Its a favorite of Umbria Prime and our 2008 Cab has been pre ordered for you to enjoy!!, Christmass tree in Umbria Italy!!, Saturday's fun in our club, Prime Boston!!, Were getting scary fun in the club this Friday!!, These gents know how to enjoy lunch!!  Ken Hoggins, President, KensWineGuide.com and Nicholas S. Paris, CSS, CWE, Advanced Sommelier, E&J Gallo Winery.  Cheers!!, We are proud to have received the award for Best Dance Club in Boston at last nights Night Life Awards!  Thank you to all who voted for us!!, Thank you Katherine Hall for dining with us at Umbria Prime tonight  and signing one of our favorite bottles of wine!!  2009 Hall Cabernet Sauvignon, Napa Valley!  Always available here..., This Sunday's entertainment at our club, Prime Boston., This Saturday's entertainment at our club, Prime Boston., This Friday's entertainment at our club, Prime Boston., Start planning for NYE now, Call direct for info if you have not been on the guest list for this private event before.  617-338-1000 and ask for Stefan or Shannon., #Rage with us Saturday nights upstairs in the nightclub Prime Boston, Happy holidays from me and the entire staff here at Umbria Prime Steakhouse and Oyster Bar, and Prime Boston!, It will be the weekend before Christmas and all through the house every creature will be stirring because Kill The Noise will be spinning and he doesn't use a mouse.  Fun events in our club to dance to after you have an amazing meal in the dining room!, This Friday's performer at Prime Boston., This Sunday's Performer at Prime Boston., We are so excited for Nicky Romero to perform live in our club Prime Boston tomorrow night.  Check out this video to see one of his performances!, Remember to plan ahead for our events as they do sell out quickly., Wow, Hardwell tonight in our club and Amazing Buffalo steaks in the dining room!!  What a day!!  Also Umbria will be closed tomorrow but our sister restaurant Bricco in the North End will be open., Make sure to check out and like our new page for Bricco Suites.  It's brand new and we will post more details about staying in these luxury suites in the north end soon., Attn all, Umbria Prime is open now and every day through the storm.  Also The Nervo girls are in town and they will be playing live as scheduled tonight at Prime Boston our nightclub., Some of the up-coming performers here at our club, Prime Boston., It's never to early for Oysters here at Umbria Prime!!  Happy hump day!, A beautiful fall evening here in Boston.  Our 3500 degree Brick Oven is fired up and ready to serve you the best 35 day dry aged Prime Steak and oyster freshly shucked from our oyster bar.  Then you can go up to the club and watch the famous DJ Gregori Klosman perform live in Prime Boston the Night Club.  CHEERS!!!, Our nightclub Prime Nightclub Boston has been crushing it Saturday nights. Check out the picts from last week, TD Bank foot race, final destination Umbria Prime!!, When your done with dinner at Umbria tonight, head over to our sister location Splash for a great DJ tonight!!, We are excited to announce that Umbria Prime's dining room is now open on Sunday's from 5pm to 11pm!!  So dinner is served 7 days a week now!  Come see us!!  Also don't miss DJ LA Riots tonight at Prime Boston Nightclub.  The doors open at 10:30pm., This will be fun!, Looking for the best place for Wednesday night dancing to work off your 24oz, 35 day dry aged Prime Bone-in Ribeye?  Our sister location Splash Ultra Lounge has the best Wednesday nights in the city!  Let us know and we will send you there in style!!, Search and purchase tickets to any event at any of our locations here!!, Our new Oyster Bar at Umbria Prime Steak House and Oyster Bar!!, Our new Oyster Bar is almost complete!!  Delicious!!  Will post picks soon!  In the mean-time the chef is making some amazing specials this week, stop by.  Don't forget to see the all new Prime Nightclub and Ultra Lounge upstairs on the weekends while your here!!, Notice the new name, Umbria Prime Steak House and OYSTER BAR! Stay tuned., null, Check out our video from last week. #RAGE!, http://www.restaurantweekboston.com/, Your Umbria Prime Management team cooking up the best steaks in the city!!, Our Saturday night continues to dominate the Boston scene... , Gossip Saturdays at Umbria Prime continue to RAGE. , Enjoy the video from last Saturday. Gossip Saturdays at Umbria Prime, This week at GOSSIP! DJ BREEAZY plays the latest from our favorite station BBC Radio 1, Check out pictures from last Saturday at GOSSIP, Just an early reminder that Umbria Prime does take part in Boston Restaurant Week. It is not to early to make reservations, Just go to umbriaprime.com now. These spots fill up fast!! It is from 8-20 to 9-1 excluding the Sundays. Mon - Fri both lunch and dinner menus are available!! Cheers!, The all new GOSSIP. Check out the pictures from last week, and hit up our VIP host Sammy's VIP for guestlist / tables. , GOSSIP! Our brand new Saturday night kicks off tonight, check out the picts from last week. Our Saturdays are HOT! , Be in the SCENE tonite. Print for FREE admission +1 
SMS : 617 224 2800 for reservations, Love watching our guests enjoy the ice cold Wellfleet Oysters with Limoncello Sorbet and a nice glass of Camus Conundrum before getting involved with a 35 day dry aged prime steak. It makes us so happy..  We like it even more knowing there about to go upstairs to Club Prime to dance the night away!!  Perfect evening in Boston.  Come have a try!!, Join us at the bar for a glass of wine from our Wine Spectator rated list b4 10pm, get into the nightclub GRATIS!, Check out the pictures from last week! , Saturday we're bringing you Maxim Cover girl Arielle Reitsma. PLUS, Free swag from Adam Sandler's new movie That's My Boy!, Check out fashion show picts from last Saturday, null, Beantown hottie Liz Ladoux makes a guest appearance tonight at Scene Saturdays at Umbria Prime. Check out her mixes: http://www.lizladoux.com/mixes/. Get on the guestlist, TXT 617 224 2800, Umbria Prime Nightclub is now on Guestlyst. You can now easily RSVP online!, Hey Umbria Fans! how was your beautiful weekend?, be in the SCENE. , Attn, due to such a high demand, Umbria Prime will offer the Restaurant Week menu on Saturday March 12 and 19.  We are almost at capacity every evening two weeks out so please plan as soon as possible while we still have space!!, CALLING ALL BRIDES TO BE!!! Umbria Prime is the perfect location for your Wedding Reception, Rehearsal Dinner, Bridal Shower or Bachelorette Party!
 
Check us out... www.umbriaprime.com, Wishing everyone a Merry Chrtistmas!, We're open on Christmas Eve AND Day! Swing by for a holiday cocktail or a scrumptious dinner., From Corporate dinners & lunches, board meetings, cocktail receptions, product launches, sales presentations, birthdays, rehearsal dinners and wedding receptions, Umbria Prime provides your group with the very best in private dining in Boston. Our first class venue offers multifunctional space for you to choose from which can accommodate groups of 10 to 650.   Let us make your next event a success!, Umbria Prime will extend its Restaurant Week menu through Saturday! Make your reservations by calling 617.338.1000, or visit us on Open Table. Bon Apetit!, null, Supper Club it at Umbria Prime this weekend! Get your steak on... and then get your dance on for free! Umbria Prime diners are offered complimentary admission into the nightclub., Treat yourself to an evening at Umbria Prime! http://tinyurl.com/l5qmyu, Wanna see and be seen? Check out Umbria the Nightclub's ALL NEW SCENE Saturdays featuring DJs spinning international flavas on all three floors of nightlife!, Be sure to look at our menu at http://www.umbriaprime.com/content/menu.html, Want to win prizes from Umbria Prime? Be sure to check out our page on Twitter!, Check out our page on Twitter! http://twitter.com/umbriaprime, Tell us what you think of our restaurant!)