List(Happy Easter, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!, Come by and try something on our special St. Patrick's Day Menu! Also, we will  be offering our breakfast menu on Friday., null, null, null, null, PORK SHANK SPECIAL TODAY, The March Schedule, The Corrib in Brighton is looking for part- time waitstaff. Please message us if you're interested., Eddie Scheer's Tuesday Night All Stars, null, Check out our Valentine's Day Specials. We will be offering them on Saturday & Sunday!, null, Madi Gras!!, Check out our great Mardi Gras Specials Tonight!!! Plus the Eddie & Tuesday Night All Star Band!, Get out of the house and make your way to the Corrib. We are serving our storm menu today!!!, Watch the Super Bowl at the Corrib in Brighton & enjoy  Free Appetizer Buffet during Half Time of the game!!!, Order Super Bowl Platters To Go, Mardi Gras Specials- February 9th, Free Apps buffet at the bar & free chance to win Pats Gear during the AFC Championship Game!, Come by the Corrib Sunday for free Appetizer at the bar during half time and a free chance to Pats Gear, Watch the Pats Game at the Corrib Pub in Brighton Saturday. Free Buffet Appetizers at the bar during the game!!! Also, free chance to win some Pats Gear, Join Us New Years Eve For Some Great Food Before You Ring In The New Year, null, null, Corrib Pub Brighton 
Guinness Nitro IPAPromo
Friday 12/18 6-8 PM, Come to the Corrib Pub in Brighton for a chance to win tickets to the Hurling Event at Fenway!!!, null, null, Stop by the Corrib today, The Corrib Pub & Restaurant  be closed tomorrow until 6PM, Eddie Scheer's Tuesday Night All-Stars tonight at the Corrib Pub, Live Music Tonight, Father's Day Specials, null, null, null, Join us Sunday, At the Corrib Pub in Brighton, St. Patrick's Day Special Menu, Corrib Pub Daily Specials...
Mick Carr playing tonight at 9PM, Pastrami sliders and short ribs and homemade gnocchi, null, null, Corrib Specials- Sunday, Corrib Pub Saturday Specials!, Saturday Specials, Todays specials:, Fat Tuesday, Mardi Gras Specials, Eddie Scheer's Tuesday Night All Stars. Come Celebrate Mardi Gras!!!, null, Valentine Weekend Specials-
Friday & Saturday, Eddie Scheer's  not playing tonight because of the storm. Please come next week for Fat Tuesday/ Mardi Gras celebration!!!!, The Bar is opened with a limited Storm Menu!!, null, Music Tonight at the Corrib, Music tonight at the Corrib starting at 9pm!, The Bar is opened for drinks & a limited storm menu., January Lineup, Eddie Scheer's Tuesday Night All Stars tonight.. Music from 8:00- 11:30, The band..., New Years Eve Specials, null, Join us tonight for Eddie Scheer's, null, Live Music tonight from 7-10, Paint you Pint Glass tonight at the Corrib Pub, Playing tonight..., Eddie Scheer's playing TONIGHT!!!, Playing tonight at the Corrib, Come to the Corrib tonight for Eddie Scheer's!, Guinness promotion tomorrow night starting at 5:30. Get your name engraved in a Guinness glass!!!, Stop by tonight...., Join us tomorrow night, Starting tomorrow night!, The Corrib Charity Fund will have the Annual Golf Tournament on Saturday, August 9th. This year we will be raising funds for Saint Joseph Preparatory High School., null, Join us today for the Netherland vs Argentina game. We will raffle off an Ireland soccer shirt at the end of the game, null, Watch the World Cup at the Corrib Pub in Brighton today. 
Enter the raffle for this Guinness Soccer shirt., Come Join us Thursday June 19th at 3Pm for Uruguay vs. England, null, null, null, null, Playing this Sunday in the Brighton Corrib, null, null, null, Join us tonight for a Smithwick's promo, I know it's cold but I'm still here. Where are you?, Come in Thursday the 9th of January to hear Patrick Mulroy and his band play in the Brighton Corrib, Come watch the snow fall with me in the Corrib, null, null, null, Working for Imelda please come in and experience my sparkling personality, The Corrib in Brighton is open and serving food. Come in and warm up, Celebrate Mother’s Day at the Corrib (Brighton)
With the Following Specials: 

Appetizer Special
Shrimp Cocktail
Served with a whiskey infused cocktail sauce 8.99

Grilled Chicken Waldorf Salad– Chopped lettuce tossed with grapes, dried cranberries, honey dipped walnuts, chopped apples, celery and dressing 10.99 

Turkey Dinner– Served with butternut squash, mashed
potato & cranberry sauce, topped with
homemade gravy11.99 

Grilled Rosemary Marinated Pork Tenderloin–Served with a pineapple salsa, mashed sweet potatoes, green beans with almonds 13.99 

Spicy Pan Seared Scallops– in a watercress
Cream Sauce with mushroom ravioils13.99

Ma’s Grilled Rib Eye Steak–
Topped with a rhubarb, bacon and
 onion compote. Blue cheese 
scallion mashed potatoes with
 asparagus17.99

Dessert Special:

Fresh Baked Blueberry Pie
A la mode– 5.99, Stop By tommorow Night for Jagermeister Promo At The Corrib In Brighton at 7Pm, null)