List(Smoked buffalo mozzarella our special appetizer of the night, Looking to host a graduation party. Bricco will accommodate and go above and beyond to make it the best. 
Call us for details 617-248-6800, Homemade pasta at its finest., null, Our brand new Gelato menu, try our new recipes. Gelateria Hanover St., Might be one of the most addicting pastas we have. Gnochetti sorrentina., null, Open air dining on Christmas Eve! Happy Holidays to everyone!!, Black Cod, melenzane funghetti, pasta fritta, We invite you and your families to come join our family here at Bricco. Opening at 12pm! Have a drink with us, we're sure you'll need one! Happy holidays., Venison is back- thank you chef Nello, Fresh Florida Stone Crabs now at Bricco. Off the boat from Florida come by and enjoy, Pumpkin tortellini, All of our on tap beer selections., null, The latest addition and new sister place Sfizi 135 Richmond st come by and enjoy!, Our new place might be one of our favorites already. Chef Gianni is killing it in the kitchen once again.
Come by and check us out at-
135 Richmond st., With the holidays approaching us, book your private dining events at Bricco. We will take care and impress you with a great experience., We know how to eat and drink well. Come by tonight and check us out!, Linguine, roasted peppers, potatoes, ricotta, pesto sauce, Langoustine, shrimp, calamari, swordfish, lobster fume cherry tomato sauce, Above Bricco, we offer 25 luxurious suites by the day or week. Any questions please contact us at 617-459-1293., Our amazing vintage wine collection., Our sister restaurant might have the best view #mare, Depasquale ventures owner of Bricco, Mare, Quattro, Il Panino are looking for qualified chefs. Experience is necessary. Please come in and fill out an application. Join our family., http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/news/2015/05/29/a-major-player-in-north-end-restaurants-and.html, Come stay with us at our Bricco Suites, DePasquale Ventures is proud to announce the opening of 3 new restaurants. All located in the Historical North End. Looking for qualified and experienced help. Please come by Bricco 241 Hanover st any day from 4pm on. Thank you and hope to add you to our family., Updating our wine list and featuring some special bottles and vintages in one of our new wine walls., Windows are open and we are enjoying this lovely Mother's Day., Depasquale Ventures is looking for servers, busses, and host. Experience is required. Come by Bricco to fill out an application., Come join us tonight for drinks and pizza. Bricco Thirsday Late Night is back!!!! 11-2am see u here., It is officially carbohydrate night at Bricco. Come try our amazing pastas before the marathon. Special tonight is spaghetti bolognese. See u there!, Finishing touches as spring is coming. Can't wait to open up our new restaurant and patio., Now it's summer!!!!, Opened the windows today, come by  and enjoy a quick drink before the  sun goes down!, Mustard crusted roasted rabbit. Chef Gianni's special for the week., The best homemade pasta in the city. We love Zoya. Thank you, This snow isn't stopping Bricco tonight, come by and see us in action. Happy Valentines Day., Preparing some fantastic dishes for tonight's service #wildboar #beef #chicken #pillows come check us out!, null, Piemonte 5 course Wine Dinner January 28th, Wednesday 7pm. Tickets are $100 and include gratuity and tax. Please call Bricco for reservations 6172486800., https://www.facebook.com/nicole.m.russo/posts/10152647181862705, Zoya's famous pumpkin tortelli, Baking apple pies for thanksgiving tomorrow. Come check us out. Open from 12-11pm., null, null, Branzino in our wood fired oven!, https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154695900525626&id=824775625, East Coast Halibut, 
Miniature sugar pumpkin filled with broccoli rabe and porcini mushrooms with a clan and saffron sauce., On behalf of the entire Bricco staff, we want to congratulate our very own bartender, Glenn, on his win tonight at the Cue Boston Magazine and Absolut  Vodka Bartending Competition! Come in and try his award winning, Espresso Martini™!, Buy tickets and come vote for Glenn's Espresso Martini August 12th!, Please come out and watch Bricco crush this contest. On Tuesday August 12,2014. Tickets available @ http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout/cue/, Thank you Bricco. The best staff anyone could ask for. #depasqualeventures, Check out our Bricco Suites, Please Vote for Bricco's Signature Espresso Martini.
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/cookout/mixology-voting-page/, Thankyou Marty Walsh for attending our fundraiser, Come check out Bricco's new craft beer draft line.  Jack Abby, Jabby Brau, Session Lager from Framingham Mass. 
Drink Local, Drink Lager!, Whole Branzino, chefs feature of the evening, Come check out our new wine room downstairs at Trattoria Il Panino., Mediterranean Red Shrimp Crudo, Ryder and Gavin enjoying some bread at Bricco Panetteria., Bricco Panetteria at The Taste Of The North End., Come check out our gelateria / cannoli factory. Best in boston., We now have Cider Creek. A portion of the proceeds go to Jeanne Geiger foundation to help women who suffer from domestic violence and to the One Foundation., A view from our new beautiful outdoor patio opening soon., Finally that time of year, The espresso martini in this picture is absolutely the best in Boston thanks to bartender Glenn Le Maitre!, That looks unbelievable!, Come check out our great menu for restaurant week., In the mood for the best pizza? Come by Bricco tonight 11-2 industry night half off pizzas!, Reminder: Industry night starts tonight at 11pm. We are going to be serving half off all of our brick oven pizzas every Thursday!, Bricco Salumeria and Pasta Shop, Come check out our new Thursday Industry Late Night. Half off on pizzas. Don't miss out, see you this week., Hopefully the doors will open on Saturday. See you all there. Next to Bricco Panetteria., null, null, Join us on February 5th for our own "carnavale". Gianni's meticulously planned menu awaits you, paired to perfection  with the most fabulous of wines selected by our inimitable sommelier. Be there., Zoya's homemade Garganelli for tonight's dinner service. All her homemade fresh pasta is the best., Tuscan Wine Dinner. 
Thursday, January 16th @ 7pm.
$100 per person.
For reservations please contact Nick Vatistas 617.248.6800., Warm up at Bricco with a glass of red wine and our wild boar pappardelle with porcini mushrooms., Another busy night in the NorthEnd. Don't forget to reserve your table for New Years Eve. Happy Holidays!, null, Depasquale Ventures wants to wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!, Celebrate Italian Christmas at Bricco! 
Friday, December 27th 11pm till 2am.  
*Special guest:Stefano Marchesi playing piano, Bricco is open on Thanksgiving. Please call for reservations., Congratulations Mare Oyster Bar!, Coming to Boston's historical North End ( little Italy ) Bricco Salumeria and Pasta Shoppe. Opening in December 2013 located next to Bricco Panetteria 241 Hanover St, Veal Prime Rib, Another celebrity singer joined us for dinner last week at Bricco. She was also a contestant on Master Chefs Jr. She has an amazing voice. See for yourself! , Congratulations to our bakery, Looking for a place to host your holiday event? We can accommodate groups of 20, 32, 40, 65 and 100., Enjoying your Sunday? Stop by Bricco Panetteria and try our bread fresh out of the oven., Join us for Restaurant Week 2013 through Friday, August 30th., Scallops with mango and red pepper chutney., null, Great job Delia!, Some of our new breads in our bakery. Stop by and try the prosciutto and cheese roses., Beautiful Sunday night with the windows open. 3lb bake stuffed lobster and trio of pastas., Get out of the heat and come have dinner at our bar., Bricco late night, best pizza-pasta-apps in town till 2 am., Mallard Duck Duetto-confit leg, seared breast, roasted yams, mango and frisée salad, sweet and sour mango soy sauce, Like our newest venture Bricco Suites. https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bricco-Suites/560101494015715, We will be open for lunch tomorrow, Happy Mothers Day., null, To make a reservation for Bricco Suites please visit http://www.bricco.com/suites/res.html or call 6174591293. , Dinner for 10?, Come check out our panetteria., Frank Depasquale's newest venture Quattro is open lunch and dinner 7 days a week. Definitely a must try!, Finally, we get to open all the windows and doors. Spring is here!, Buona Pasqua, Bricco weekend! Birthday dinner at Bricco and staying overnight for the weekend in Bricco Suites., Quattro our new restaurant is opening next week. Come enjoy the experience located at 272 Hanover st., Broccoli Panetteria, Brachetto, a sparkling red wine, was  believed by Pharaoh to unleash the passion of her lovers. Perfect for Valentines Day!, Snow party at Bricco tomorrow night. Complimentary Margherita Pizzas from 11pm to 2am., Take a look at our new website. You can make reservations for our restaurant and our suites. http://www.bricco.com/, Just a few of the wines we got in today.  Does it get any better?, null, If you are having dinner in Boston and are looking for nightly accomodations check out briccosuites.com, http://www.facebook.com/pages/Bricco-Suites/560101494015715?ref=nf, and like us on our fan page., Panettone fresh out of the oven at Bricco Panetteria!, Bricco Ristorante, Mare Oyster Bar and Trattoria il Panino are open for dinner Christmas Eve and Christmas Day., Umbria Prime wins Best Dance Club in Boston!!, Bricco Panetteria, Nicky Romero tonight at Prime Night Club., Ciabatta!!, Bricco Suites has a fan page. follow this link to like it. https://m.facebook.com/home.php?refid=9#!/profile.php?id=560101494015715&__user=1001254010, We are openThanksgiving! We will be serving our full dinner menu., Depasquales Pasta Shoppe hand made pastas are a great alternative if you can't make it out to dinner at one of Frank Depasquales places., Like this picture if you love our sister restaurant Mare!, null, null, null, null, Bricco Panetteria is a full service bakery located behind Bricco Ristorante. If you haven't had our artisan breads you are missing out!, Come see us tonight after 11pm for Boston's best Pizza!, Splash Supper Club Friday, Saturday and Holiday Sundays. Join us 2am til., Bricco first floor dining room., Happy Birthday Katie!, Ready for Katie Del Angel's birthday dinner!, Truffles, Dinner at Bricco?, Finally Open Friday, Saturday and Sunday Holidays. 2am til., Mallard Duck Duetto, confit leg, seared breast, roasted yams, mango & frisée salad, sweet and sour mango soy sauce., Notice the bar lights inside even though you are looking of a reflection of outside. Cool picture?, null, PrTommy Trash Sunday 23rd Prime Boston. Doors open at 9pm., Sidney Samson @ Prime Night Club tonight. Doors open at 10pm., Ocean Club tonight 9/3:
Doors open 7pm-1am
DJ: Axwell, Adam Sandler & David Spade had dinner at Bricco tonight!, Steve Aoki at the Ocean Club this Sunday! Buy tickets at wantickets.com or at the door., Come down to The North End to relax and join us for dinner at Bricco Ristorante!, Bricco is open today until 2am. Come join us for pizza between 11pm to 2am!, Big Ang from Mob Wives., DJ Vice Sunday 7/1 at The Ocean Club.  But tickets at wantickets.com or take your chances at the door!, Ocean Club tonight is going to be off the hook! If you don't have tickets yet get them at wantickets.com or at door., Don't miss Avicci at the Ocean Club tonight!, You have to love summer!, Dinner at Bricco then The Ocean Club tonight? Still some tickets on sale at wantickets.com for tonight. Don't miss Avicii next Friday at The Ocean Club!, Who is going to see Victor Calderone at the Ocean Club at Marina Bay tomorrow night, Sunday the 3rd?, Go Celtics! After the game come to Bricco and have a pizza., Victor Calderone at the Ocean Club this Sunday, June 3rd. Who is coming?, A beautiful night to come the North End and have dinner at Bricco. Take a stroll and enjoy our open air dining., There are two certainties in life. The Celtics will win this series against The Sixers and Bricco will be the place to have dinner or drinks before or after the game!, Filming a commercial at Bricco for Ecolab and Sysco featuring Bricco., Hanging with Sammy Hagar!, Go Celtics! Come celebrate at #Bricco after the game with hand made pasta or brick oven pizza., Bricco is opening on Mothers Day, Sunday the 13th, at noon. We will be serving dinner until 11pm. Make your reservations soon!, null, Splash Ultra Lounge* Wednesdays* Doors open at 10! Spread the word & come play :D, The bar is packed. This is the place to be!!, Veal Valdostana! Fontina and pancetta stuffed veal chop with grilled radicchio, chanterelle twice baked yukon gold potato., null, Come see us before the Bruins game tomorrow and have dinner. If not before join us for pizza after the game until 2am., All of our doors are open on this beautiful day. We open at 4:00pm. Stop by and see us!, Swordfish.....mmmmmmm!, null, What a beautiful day!, We do pizza, pasta and appetizers Wednesday through Saturday from 11:00pm to 2:00am., Happy easter! We are open tonight for dinner., Mickael Pietrus enjoyed dinner at Bricco after the Celtics game last night with his friends., I love this sign!, BRICCO SUITES, If you didn't get a chance to check us out for Restaurant Week you are in luck. North End Restaurant week starts Sunday and continues for 2 weeks excluding Saturdays. Come and join us!, North End Restaurant Week starts 4/1 and continues through 4/13 incase you didn't get the opportunity to join us during regular RW., Come down to the North End to visit. The next couple of days are going to be beautiful and we will have all our windows and doors open at all our locations. Trattoria il Panino just got there new windows that open up to the street today plus they have their patio open. Come join us!, Come down to the North End to visit. The next to days we will be featuring open air dining at all of our restaurants. Trattoria il Panino just got their new window put in today that open up to the street!, Come down to the North End to visit. The next to days we will be featuring open air dining at all of our restaurants. Trattoria il Panino just got their new window put in today that open up to the street!, The doors and windows will be open tomorrow yet another day. We are participating in restaurant week, but also serving our dinner menu. Come join us!, Tomorrow until Friday you will enjoy open air dining at Bricco. Thank you for the amazing weather!, We were on the Travel Channel for being one of the top four places in the country for handmade pasta. You can buy our pasta at Depasquale's Homemade Pasta Shoppe in Boston historic North End., Come and enjoy our open air dining room and bar for cocktails and dinner!, null, Stop in for a cocktail and enjoy Bricco's open air dining!, The newest and youngest members of our baking team!, Come and join us to watch the Celtics take on the Rockets tonight and enjoy our Boston Manhattan., David Spade, Mickael Pietrus and Kobe Bryant all stopped by Bricco last week. Who will stop by this week?, Come to Bricco and watch Lakers vs Celtics, Thursday at 8:00pm. Ask about our new craft beers!, What a great way to start Super Bowl Sunday, but with Glen's handmade Bloody Mary mix at Bricco. Come down and watch the game with us., Whole Mediterranean Branzino wood fired in a sea salt crust, black garlic mashed potatoes, arugula salad, herbed lemon oil. Yummy!!!, Just added a new micro brew, Sierra Nevada IPA, a great match for our Prosciutto Pizza. Come in tonight and try it!, Wine and food pairing for this evening is Amatriciana Garganelli with 2009 Ferrari-Carano Cabernet Sauvignon, Alexander Valley., Another great night to warm yourself up w the Bricco Manhattan while watching the Celtics., Come down after the Celtics game and try our award winning Boston Manhattan infused with candied kumquats and Madagascar vanilla beans. It is delicious!, We are open tonight until 2:00am and tomorrow 4:00-11:00pm. Happy holidays from all of us at Bricco!!, Tortellini of Pumpkin!, Agnolotti al Pin, braised veal & beef stuffed with ricotta, truffle sauce, spinach!!! Yum, We now hand make artisanal  breads in our bakery at 241 Hanover Street, Boston's North End. For sale at DePasquales Pasta Shoppe or on site at Bricco Panetteria., Join us tonight from 11:00pm until 2:00am for drinks and our late night menu. We serve brick oven pizza, handmade pasta, and appetizers after 11:00pm. Guaranteed you will enjoy yourself!, Brick Oven Chicken!, We are open for Thanksgiving and filling up fast......need reservations?, null, Looking for a place to host your holiday event? We can accommodate groups of 90, 60, 30 and 20. Don't hesitate to give us a call with any questions., This is our sirloin, 35 days dry aged prime certified angus., If you are looking for a late dinner don't forget that you can dine with us until 2:00am Wednesday-Saturday, 11:00pm the rest of the week., So now that it is the "FIRST" day of the Christmas season (crazy, just crazy) lets retrospect back to the Halloween season (yesterday). What did you all do last night!!??, Happy Halloween all!! Come on in and hang with us!, Happy Friday all! What former resident of the North End was "revered" for his silversmithing?, Snow in Vermont! Snowboarding and Skiing soon... Are you ready?, So, CJ Brown (a twitter friend) says that her favorite grind of coffee is pumpkin spice from New Englands own Green Mountain Coffee. Ever tried this blend?, Hope everyone had an awesome weekend! Back to the grind. Speaking of grind(s) what is your top choice for coffee??, Happy Friday everyone! The weekend is here and we're ready. Hope to see you all in the North End!, So to go with a trivia flare, what notable resident of years past resided in the North End? His first name was Charles and he had a "scheme"., So we were curious, have you ever seen this house in the North End? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skinny_House_(Boston), So how does everyone love our new fresh baked bread??, Back to the grind of a lovely Monday! What did you all do this weekend?, Happy Friday and the beginning of the weekend!, Thursday, which of course means that it is almost Friday. Thereby denoting that the weekend is upon us! What are your plans? You should consider a trip to the North End for some of our new menu items, or an old favorite like Pumpkin Tortelli! Cheers, see you all soon!, Another lovely video! Hope you all like! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHstgxh9a5g&feature=related, A little video for you all  , Check us out on Youtube here: http://www.youtube.com/user/BriccoRistorante#p/u, This was shared on Twitter! "CiaoBebe Oct 08, 7:48pm via Twitter for iPhone
@BriccoNorthEnd The pumpkin tortelli was to die for - and delicious Cabernet" 

Thanks for letting us know! Come in and get some pumpkin tortelli, it's the right thing to do., Has anyone tried our new chops and prime beef? We'd love to hear from you!!, Our Rack Of Lamb, Happy Friday!! It's gonna be a cool one, so come on out and warm your soul with us. New menu items and drinks to please the most discerning of tastes! See you this weekend!, Do you follow us on twitter? If not, we'd love to have you and we will follow back!! Check us out here: http://twitter.com/bricconorthend , RIP Steve Jobs, Have you seen our newest additions? Come in and check out our new menu items!!, What did you do this weekend? Let us know here!, Veal chop!, We have added Certified Prime Beef and Chops to our menu. Our meats are all 35 days dry aged and grass fed. They are delicious!, It's Friday! Cheer all. Swing in tonight and get some of our new Chops and Prime Beef or maybe some Pumpkin Tortelli!, Check out this little blog mention about our awesome dessert :)

http://blog.tipntag.com/?p=17, Come out tonight and see us! If you read yesterday, we have added Prime Beef and Chops to the menu as well as a few other items!, We have added Prime Beef & Chops to the menu!!  Marcho Farms grass fed beef!  Come in and check it out!, Read an awesome tweet today. It said "Walking the North End, where 3 old Italian Men hit on my mother last year"  Yeap! Welcome to the North End and we LOVE IT!, We had a special 90th Birthday dinner for Dick Corvini's dad last night! Cheers and heres to many more!, Boston, we love you. Come by Bricco tonight and warm yourself with one of our special Martinis!

Have a safe weekend everyone!, Exciting news for Boston!! Congrats Boston Fashion Week on hitting the big time!! 

Are you attending?, Fall is upon us! Have you ever tried our Pumpkin Tortelli? You won't be disappointed.

In case you weren't aware, we are now making our own bread! Check out the article on NorthEndBoston.com
, So Friday is upon us, which means there are only a few more hours left until it's officially the weekend!! What are your plans for this weekend? , As many may already know, we at Bricco now have our bread baked on site! 

 Check it out here: http://www.northendboston.com/2011/09/freshly-baked-bread-onsite-at-all-depasquale-restaurants/, So awesome to see us on the Cooking Channel show "United Tastes of America"  Did you watch it? Tell us your thoughts here!!, 2hrs to go! Make sure you tune in to the Cooking Channel tonight at 10pm for our spot on "United Tastes of America"., We are on the Cooking Channel's show "United Tastes of America" at 10pm/E. Are you planning on watching it?, Don't miss us on the Cooking Channel show "United Tastes of America" this Tuesday Sept. 13 at 10pm!! Will you be watching? We will!, Our thoughts go out to all those lost on 09/11, It's Friday in Boston and suppose to be beautiful all weekend!! Come by and see us. Specials to die for and drinks galore!, It's Thursday in September almost time for fall, but most importantly the weekend is upon us!! Who's coming out to the North End this weekend? We'll keep you refreshed and warm your soul!, How often do you stroll the North End?, Check out our write up on North End Boston: http://www.northendboston.com/2011/08/bricco-accent-on-excellence/, Happy Labor Day everyone! Hope its been a good one., Anyone tried the new Barcardi Oakheart Spiced Rum?  Quite the buzz on the street about this stuff. We hear that Gordons Fine Wines in Waltham has it!, Gordon's Fine Wines & Liquors in Waltham, MA is putting on an amazing event on September 23rd called VinoVoyage. If you want to try some amazing wines while cruising the harbor, then check it out!  , We hope that you all are okay after Irene!, Be safe this weekend everyone. And please take this storm seriously., So, Boston... Are you ready for the potential Hurricane? What are your plans? Hurricanes and Earthquakes all in one week... Too much!! Stay safe out there. , We hope that all of those caught in the Earthquake today on the East Coast are okay., If you don't already know, please follow us on twitter at: http://twitter.com/bricconorthend , @BostonTweet shout out on Twitter. Thanks for the mention! Cheers, So no one visits grandma anymore in the North End... Tisk Tisk., What is your favorite thing to do in the North End?, Ready for another fine week in Boston! What did you do this weekend?, Milling around the North End? Stop in and hang out with us this evening! If ya do be sure to let us know about it on here or Twitter! Cheers! Everyone have a safe weekend., Our fresh baked breads, It's Thursday (already).... What are your weekend plans? Come on, don't be shy!! Tell us!, Cool news for Boston, Check this out! , Happy Friday!! What are your weekend plans? Come to the North End and hang out! Cheers, Is everyone enjoying this lovely weather?, Use twitter? Well what are you waiting for!!! Follow us on Twitter @bricconorthend or link to us here: http://twitter.com/bricconorthend , Seattle Mariners player Ichiro Suzuki dined at @BriccoNorthEnd three times while in town. Now that is a fan! Thanks for sharing Nicole! :), Hot enough outside? Come cool off with us late this evening. Cheers! Hope to see you!, Wow, over 100 tomorrow afternoon and Friday... Stop in to Bricco and cool off!!, We get so much love on Twitter. We're sure many of you on here are also on Twitter and well... We just want to thank you all for always sharing your thoughts and letting us know you are coming in!! Cheers to you all!!, Sorry to keep pushing this on our page, but it's important to us here at Bricco!  Please Vote for us in Boston.com's Boston A List 2011. http://boston.cityvoter.com/bricco/biz/224, We need your help!! Please vote for us on Boston.com's Boston A List!!! We really need all your help on this one! please like the post to let us know that you voted. http://boston.cityvoter.com/bricco/biz/224, Back to the grind... What did you do this weekend?, The FINAL shuttle launch!! Sad...  Watch it here: http://www.nasa.gov/externalflash/135_splash/index.html, What are your weekend plans?, What dish would you most likely recommend to anyone who has never been to Bricco?, Between 91-93 degrees today in Boston... REALLY?  Stop by Bricco later and wet you whistle! Cheers and good morning!, Did everyone have an amazing 4th of July? What did you end up doing?, We need your help again!! We've slipped back to second place on the Boston A-List. Please vote for us here: http://boston.cityvoter.com/bricco/biz/224, Good Morning Boston!! What are your plans for today?, What is your favorite thing to do in the North End? We're curious!, What is your favorite Martini Recipe? Do you have the "PERFECT" Martini?, We have more check-ins than people liking us on here... Is that a good thing or bad thing? (we are going with good).  HAPPY MONDAY BOSTON!!!, So yesterday we reached our 1000 follower goal on Twitter!! Thanks to all who made the push for us, we really appreciate it! Now... can we reach 1000 on FB? Ideas? Suggestions?  Please share your thoughts!!, Do you have this problem??, We are now 1 person away from 1000 followers on Twitter!! who will be our 1000th follower... HMMMMMM, We are now 4 people away from 1000 followers on Twitter!!!  In the words of Bob the Builder "Can we build it? YES WE CAN!"  Thanks everyone for the support!, We are 15 people away from 1000 followers on Twitter!! If you are our friend on FB, but don't follow us on Twitter, please do so!! We are trying to reach 1000 today if we can!! We are at @BriccoNorthEnd!  Cheers!, So since it's such a nice day, we think that you should stop in and see us this evening. Need a cocktail after work? We've got you covered!!, Did anyone make it to the Ocean Club to see Robbie Rivera? If so, let us know about it on here!, http://www.facebook.com/robbierivera -

Exclusively at the Ocean Club at Marina Bay in Quincy!, Just 1 hour to go before Robbie Rivera rocks out at the Ocean Club at Marina Bay, in Quincy, MA - get here as quick as you can!, Beautiful night and the doors are open! We are serving dinner until 2:00 am every night!!!, It is part Italian, it has tomato sauce, it has mozzarella cheese, the first step is to toss... What is it?, Great piece about the North End! http://bit.ly/m3QdOD  , "It can't rain all the time" Name the movie that this quote comes from!, The North End quite possibly is the coolest spot in America. Thanks to all who make it such an amazing place!!, What is bigger than you, but doesn't weigh anything? Think you know? Take a stab!, A/C anyone? anyone?  Yeap we've got you covered! Come in and see us on this hot day.. 96 really? We've got some good cocktails to cool you off!, What's your favorite hot day drink? It's going to be in the 90s tomorrow and Thursday!! OUCH!! If you have a favorite hot day drink, what would you pair it with at Bricco?, Do you all love the North End as much as we do?, Did anyone make it in this weekend? If so, we'd love to hear about it here. Please share your experiences., Boston Scene Magazine wrote a small piece on us!! Please take a minute to read it here: http://bit.ly/iu2WLw , We at Bricco need you help!! Please Vote for us in Bostons A List 2011!! We are currently 9th & need your help! http://boston.cityvoter.com/bricco/biz/224, Is the Mayor from 4sq on here? Let us know!, Do you have any fond memories of Boston's North End? Please share them here on our wall!, Check out our Youtube channel here: http://www.youtube.com/user/BriccoRistorante, United Tastes of America from the Cooking Channel is filming today at Bricco and De Pasquale Pasta Shoppe! http://www.cookingchanneltv.com/united-tastes-of-america/index.html, So, rain all week? Wow!! Perfect for a cocktail! What's your favorite rainy day cocktail?, In the North End this evening? Drop in an say hello!, Ian K from NYC is the Mayor of Bricco on Foursquare & has been for 60 days. Congrats! Anyone up for the challenge to become our new Mayor or will Ian K continue to hold that position?, Help us reach 1000 followers on Twitter!! Pass the word along! http://twitter.com/bricconorthend, Be sure to leave us a review on Yelp: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bricco-boston, Strolling through the North End today? Why not stop in for lunch!! We'd love to see you., Bricco at The Taste of The North End. Thank you everyone we had an amazing time!, Come see our newest addition!, If you all have Yelp accounts do a quick review for us!! We do read them!, What is your favorite dish at Bricco? Don't be shy, let us know!!, Other great reviews!! Thanks for the kind words!, Be sure to follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/bricconorthend, Strolling the North End tonight? Stop in for one of our drink specials. How about a Top Hat Mojito or our Bartenders selection--a Lychee Martini!!, Sure to please even the pickiest of palates!! Come in and try some of our specials: Fresh morel mushrooms stuffed w/ mascarpone & spek potatoes served over truffled fontina fondue topped w/ seared foie gras or Chilled wellfleet oysters with limoncello air., Another satisfied customer-Brandy Adams Collins! Thanks for the kind words! This is her tweet: "The Zucchini Flowers @BriccoNorthEnd were exactly perfect... *wink* as usual!", Come in tonight and try some of our amazing specials, which are sure to please!! A few of our specials are: Pan roasted west coast halibut in acqua pazza served w/ a warm salad of baby artichoke hearts of palms & roasted beets. Pink roasted mallard duck breast with sweet & sour soy sauce, served with a basket of cipollini onion, smoked bacon mushrooms and potatoes., If you haven't already follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/bricconorthend, Strolling the North End? Stop by for our special Black Garlic Fettuccine with manila clams, skate and monkfish w/ a white wine parsley sauce or our Rib Eye Steak, dry aged for 35 days and served with french fries and arugula salad!!, Our latest rave review--thanks to Alabama G. from Boston!, Look at all that delicious food up there ^ ... Come get your hands on some! We're open til 2AM -- as usual., We're open until 2AM every night, come grab some late night eats after the Bruins game tonight., Last day of restaurant week! We've had such a great couple of weeks, come join us for a three-course meal, only $33.11 ... LAST CHANCE! :), Only a 2 days left in restaurant week. Stop by for a three-course dinner, only $33.11, A blog review from one of our guests last night! Thanks Molly!, Restaurant week continues.  People have been raving about our special menu via Twitter.  Have you checked that out yet?, Come in for restaurant week. Get a delish Italian appetizer, entrée, and dessert for only $33.11 http://ow.ly/4b0AJ, Boston Restaurant week is in full swing.  Stop by for a three-course dinner for only $33.11

http://bricco.com/content/menu-rw.html, Keep Italy close to home:

http://link.brightcove.com/services/player/bcpid657985641001?bckey=AQ~~,AAAAE6Rs9lk~,SN2uQ1cpwui9Aq_exhx7aflP2FnHceiC&bctid=792694295001, If you've dined with us recently, we'd love to hear what you thought!  Guest feedback is the best way for us to ever-improve your experience.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/bricco-boston, Thanks to our amazing guests for proving that Bricco is one of the top spots to dine in Boston. If you've joined us recently, we'd love your feedback!

http://www.yelp.com/biz/bricco-boston, Restaurant Week is right around the corner.  Three-course dinner for $33.11 : March 6-18.   Have a look at our special menu and tell us what you think! 

http://bricco.com/content/menu-rw.html, Anyone else have an addition to the menu you'd like to see?, What's something you wish we had on our menu but don't?, If you think we're the best, please write us in and vote for us! Thank you. http://ht.ly/3Z4y1, Wine Class - Day 2: try the Amatriciana Garganelli pasta (with Niman Ranch pancetta, spicy colino tomatoes, and pecorino romano) with the Monsanto Chianti OR Bottega Vinaia Pinot Noir.  Both wines have naturally high acidity and a fruity flavor, which balances nicely with the tomatoes and pancetta which both have a more sharp, robust taste., Food/Wine Pairing Tip of the Day: if you're having our Veal Ossobuco with saffron risotto try a crisp dry white wine to balance the hearty, fragrant risotto.  The Bastianich Sauvignon Blanc would be perfect!

Anyone else have a food/wine pairing tip out there? Or questions about pairings?, We'd like to see a Celtics win tonight, and we'd like to see you at the bar after the game.  We're open until 2AM and serve our full menu ALL night!, What have you all gotten or given for Valentine's Day so far?, Thanks to our Twitter friend @yuukanon for the AMAZING review http://ht.ly/3UCpl, What's your favorite style of wine?, Valentine's Day is right around the corner.  Grab a date and book a reservation!, Cold weather is perfect for a glass of red wine. Our extensive wine list includes red, white, american, and italian wines. What's your favorite vino to enjoy with dinner?, Since we can't seem to escape this weather, relieve that cabin fever and come to Bricco! Dinner starts at 4pm!, Are you prepared for more snow this week?, Celtics will be on the west coast for a few games, so come in late night and watch! Full Menu til 2am!, Celtics head to Portland tonight, come watch the game late night. Full menu available until 2am!, The snow started already? Guess we'll break out the shovels again., Follow us on Twitter! @Bricconorthend, On twitter? So are we! Follow us! , Celtics tonight! Go C's!, If you have a friend who might be looking for us on Facebook, share this link with them so they can like us! Just click the link below that says "share", It might be FRIGID out there, but it's nice and toasty here at Bricco! Maybe one of our famous Espresso Tinis will warm you up!, Snow doesn't phase us! Come on down to Bricco tonight and indulge in a delicious Italian meal!, Gianni Caruso of Bricco ristorante shows how to quickly cook lobster, shrimp, fish and mollusks in an aromatic wine and tomato sauce., Veal Ossobuco, Big Night Timpano, Gnocchetti Sorrentina are a few of our favorite dishes. What dishes at Bricco are impossible for you to resist?, The Bruins are playing at 1 today! Come in after the game, dinner starts at 4! Go B's!, Have you dined at Bricco recently? Let us know what you think , Come into Bricco this weekend for a romantic evening, a family dinner, or a cocktail with friends before a night on the town!, No #snowday for us! Dinner starts at 4, but keep in mind that parking is limited!, The snow doesn't curb your craving for delicious food, so we'll be here for dinner tonight starting at 4pm! If you're willing to brave the snow , we're willing to serve you :) Make a reservation with us and our maitre d' can keep you posted on parking and any other information you might need for a perfect (snowy) dinner at Bricco!, Bruins are in town! Come to Bricco before the game for one of our famous specialty martinis, The Bruins are in town! Come to Bricco before for a cocktail, or even after! Our full menu is now available until 2am!, Our FULL menu is now available until 2am! So if you're not in the mood for pizza, you can still come to Bricco after the Celts!, The Celtics are in town tonight. Come into Bricco before or after the game, our full menu is now available until 2am!, Happy Monday everybody! Head on over to our @Facebook page and "LIKE" us if you haven't done so already! http://on.fb.me/gcipO4, Sunday night is the perfect, quiet night for a lovely italian meal :), A traditional Italian Sunday dinner should include homemade pasta, and we've got some!, Last call at the bar and for pizza!, It's that time ... PIZZA TIME! We're here until 2am with your favorite brick oven pizza!, Saturday night is date night! Try sharing one of our Chef's tastings for a romantic twist, If you're looking for a great place for date night, Bricco is the perfect romantic spot. Make your reservations here http://bit.ly/dVaXDd, Late night brick oven pizza happening now! Come on in!, Make your reservations for dinner at Bricco tonight http://bit.ly/dVaXDd, mmmm pizza, Our chef's at Bricco use only local produce, domestic and organic meat, and carefully selected fish ... only the best!, If you're taking the T to get to us, get take the orange or green line to Haymarket and walk right on over to Hanover street! #mbta, You can now use Open Table to make reservations! So put the phone down! http://is.gd/k1D7u, Thirsty Thursday should end with delicious pizza! If you're out late, stop in on your way home from 11pm-2am for our famous brick oven pies!, One of our New Years resolutions is to be more connected to YOU, our customers! :), If you follow us here, make sure to check out our Facebook page as well and don't forget to click the LIKE button! http://is.gd/k1E8Z, All of our pasta is homemade! Why eat frozen when you can have the real stuff?, If you follow us here, make sure to check out our Facebook business page and don't forget to click the "LIKE" button!, Pizza sounds good right now doesn't it? Bricco has got the best! Come on over until 2am! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! #2011, Hungry? Want pizza? Come to Bricco! Open til 2am!, It's New Years Eve! Come in and enjoy our traditional menu with a loved one or good friends to kick off 2011!, If you're looking to enjoy your first delicious pizza in 2011, come to Bricco anytime between 11pm-2am for a late night snack!, If you're hungry late night after your NYE celebration, come to Bricco for our delish brick oven pizza! Available 11pm-2am!, Not looking for a full dinner on New Years? Pop in from 11pm-2am for a delicious late night snack!  Our brick oven pizza is the best!, No need to worry about a prix fixe menu either! You can enjoy all of your Bricco favorites to kick off 2011!, New Years Eve is fast approaching! Make your reservation today! http://bit.ly/dVaXDd, please share your #2010memories @BriccoNorthEnd !, #iprefer homemade pasta instead of frozen, Work up a good appetite shoveling snow and then come to Bricco for a delicious, hot, homemade meal!, Looking for a late night snack in the North End? Bricco has delicious brick oven pizza available Tuesday-Sunday nights 11pm- 2am!, In 2011, I predict you will come to Bricco! #2011predictions, delicious pasta = #secretturnon, This weather is perfect for a nice hot homemade meal! Homemade pasta is our specialty!, New Years Eve is the perfect night to try Bricco! You can stop in for dinner, dessert, or late night pizza from 11pm-2am. Make you reservation today online! http://bit.ly/dVaXDd , Give the gift of an evening at Bricco! http://bit.ly/hGW35B, Don't forget to "LIKE" our Facebook page!, Looking for the perfect NYE dinner? Make your reservations today! http://bit.ly/dVaXDd, If you missed us on Food Paradise, it will be on again tomorrow morning at 9am! Thanks @travelchannel for featuring us!, Did anyone see Pasta Paradise? What did you think?, Tonight is the night! @BriccoNorthEnd will be featured on the Travel Channel's "Pasta Paradise" tonight! Tune in at 10!, See if you can spot your favorite dish tomorrow night on Pasta Paradise!  http://twitpic.com/3fyva2, Don't forget tomorrow night on Travel Channel's FOOD PARADISE Bricco will be featured! Make sure to tune in at 10pm!, What's your favorite dish @BriccoNorthEnd ?, The episode is airing Wednesday the 15th along with several reruns throughout the weekend. It will literally leave you drooling for more, Bricco will be featured on an episode of this week's "Food Paradise" on the Travel Channel@10pm. Make sure to delve into our PASTA PARADISE!, Want to make a reservation? Put down the phone and go to www.bricco.com and use our Open Table application. Reservations made easy!, Looking forward to seeing everyone at Splash Ultra Lounge and Burger Bar tomorrow night for industry night!, Check out Mare's wine dinner this tueday!, Happy New Years!, Thank you for another great night at Splash Frank!, Umbria Tonight......See Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!, Have you made your holiday reservations yet?)