List(Introducing our newest creation. Carrot cake bagel with coconut sprinkles. #bagelplace, Have you ever tried a tuna melt on a bagel?  Then you haven't lived.  Spice up your life at The Bagel Place., Back by popular demand sriracha cheddar!  Come and get them while you can. They won't last long., The triple double!  Your choice of any two meats and cheeses on any bagel you want. The combinations are endless. We guarantee you won't leave hungry., Stop in The Bagel Place for our turkey sausage, egg and cheese! Available all day, every day using only real eggs. 300 Needham St in Newton Upper Falls., Ask and you shall receive. We finally made egg bagels. #eggbagels, Nothing a like thin sliced corn beef with Swiss cheese, saurkraut, and a spicy mustard for that little extra zing  to get you through this St. Patrick's day. #greenbagels, We have green bagels!  Happy St. Patrick's Day.  #greenbagels, Green bagels coming tomorrow!, Come check out our bagel specials this week!  Roasted banana, apple cinnamon and wheat sunflower.  They won't last long., Our lunch special today is the jerk turkey sandwich.  Jerk seasoning turkey, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions and guac to top it off., Our special bagel of the week is the roasted garlic kale parmesan. Come get one before they are gone., We don't just make delicious bagels.  We also offer scrumptious treats and a great cup of coffee.  #redbarncoffeeroasters, It's almost the weekend. Come celebrate and get one of our delicious sandwiches., Nothing like adding a few fresh apple slices to help bring out that delicious Vermont flavor you have been searching for. #thevermonter, http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/5466890459.html, Want a delicious sandwich, but you don't like deli meat.  Try our pesto veggie. Hot or cold. It refreshing any way to have it., Attention all college and high school students in the surrounding area.  The Bagel Place will be offering a 20% discount off your entire purchase this Saturday and Sunday with a valid school ID., http://www.eatupnewengland.com/2016/02/the-bagel-place-opens-in-massachusetts.html, Nothing like our delicious chicken salad to make this sunny day just that much better., If you haven't had the spicey chicken on the Sriracha Cheddar bagel. You my friend are missing out., http://matts-meals.com/2016/02/21/have-a-bagel-bernie-vt-offers-more-than-political-intrigue-originally-posted-216/, In celebration for our first month open we are running a special until March 6.  Breakfast sandwiches and bagels with cream cheese will be half off from 6am to 11 am Monday-Friday., Sriracha cheddar is back! Only for a limited time. Come and get one while you can., Sometimes just a plain bagel with plain cream cheese is all you need.  Don't forget we also have over 15 different flavors of cream cheeses and  20 different bagels. The combinations are endless., Why wait 15 minutes for a Ruben at a restaurant when we can make a perfect one for you in two., Sometimes nothing is better then a turkey club on a perfectly toasted bagel.  Don't forget to grab a bag of chips to complete the perfect lunch., This delicious sandwich is the Chicken Guac.  Garlic mayo, thin sliced chicken, pepper jack cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion and a healthy serving of fresh guac., It's National Bagel Day!  Come celebrate with us and get a dozen bagels for $5.99. Everyone who buys a dozen gets a cookie or muffin on the house while they last., Come on in to The Bagel Place and grab a nice hot Red Barn Coffee on this chilly day., Grab a Baja only at The Bagel Place and take a seat in our cozy dinning area., You could also take it to go., #thebagelplacenewton will be selling dozens for $5.99 Saturday and Sunday.  Come and try Newtons best bagel., Today is a perfect day for a bagel sandwich. Come warm up and try a delicious turkey club a tomato cheddar bagel., We almost forgot to tell you we only serve Boars Head deli meats., This week our special bagels are tomato cheddar and chocolate marble.  Come try them before they run out., Two eggs, two meats, two cheeses, one sandwich. We call this the triple double. Only at The Bagel Place., Don't forget we make our own salads. Pick from any of our veggies and add anyone of our lunch meats for a complete meal., Come to #thebagelplacenewton and try our delicious maple ham sandwich on one of our maple bagels! #greatfood, Don't forget we also have tasty treats baked daily., Have you ever seen a bagel sandwich this amazing?  I know I haven't.  #bestsecondday #thebagelplace newton, Today's soups are roasted vegetable or beef & veggie barley. Each of our soups comes with a bagel with butter on the house. We are open until 4pm seven days a week!, Dara is measuring out ingredients for a fresh batch of pumpernickel bagels. All of our bagels are made in house from scratch using only high quality, all natural ingredients., The Bagel Place is ready for your order! We open for business at 6am Monday! We have two special bagels for our opening week: maple (made with real Vermont maple syrup) and sriracha cheddar!, Come and place your order, we would love to make your experience great #thebagelplace #greatfood, Lots of products to choose from #thebagelplace, All customers are welcome to enjoy such a #greatenvironment with #greatemployees #thebagelplace, Don't let the snow impede our soft opening Sunday 1/24/16 or our grand opening Monday 1/25/16 #thebagelplace #greatenvironment #newinboston #newton, Training day for our new amazing staff at The Bagel Place! We will be open for business and ready to serve delicious bagels Monday 6am to 4pm., We are finally making bagels. Get ready Newton. We open on Monday. The Bagel Place opens at 6 am. The first five customers gets to pick one treat out of our bakery box for free., Thank you @a_messier14 for the awesome chalk board menus. One step closer to opening. We can't wait to open these doors and serve Newton the best bagel and bagel sandwiches!, We hope everyone is enjoying their holidays so far.  Due to some unforeseen circumstances our grand opening date will have to be pushed back a few days,  We apologize for the inconvenience. We hope to open the doors the first week of January.  Have a great holiday and safe travels., The chalk boards are in. Every day is a step closer to opening. Newton will not know what hit them., null, Everyone get excited.  We are finishing up construction this week.  The grand opening will be December 28., null, Just a few more weeks and The Bagel Place will be open. I hope Newton is ready for the best bagels and sandwiches they have ever tasted., We are now hiring counter staff.  If you are friendly and like to smile, this is the right job for you.  

http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/5330349572.html, So much progress in one week. I can almost smell those delicious bagels., This big beautiful space will be the kitchen. Looks like it's almost time to put the new floors in., Get excited!!!, Say hi to our Baker Rob.  He is sitting in our freshly drywalled dining area., http://boston.eater.com/2015/11/9/9695742/the-bagel-place-opening-soon, The kitchen and the front counter are all framed.  Just a couple more weeks and we will have a finished Bagel Place., Things are progressing along nicely at The Bagel Place. Wall framing is up and cabinets have been delivered., Construction update! Concrete is poured and walls are going up this week in Newton. We hope to be open early December, What's your favorite kind of bagel Newton?, Just picked up great boards from Small House Carpentry in Burlington, VT. The wood was recovered from a barn on Lake Bomoseen and will be used on the walls of The Bagel Place Newton., Construction has begun in Newton!)